#EXTINF:-1,General Hit Radio Listen live
https://radio.pro-fhi.net/flux-nboxeznm/.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,German Hit-Radio Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/german-hitradio
#EXTINF:-1,Germany-Stream Listen live
https://germany-stream.stream.laut.fm/germany-server
#EXTINF:-1,Gigant FM Listen live
https://mcp-1.mm-stream.nl:7204/server
#EXTINF:-1,90er Radio Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/90er
#EXTINF:-1,Heuvellandexpress Listen live
https://server-28.stream-server.nl:8840/server
#EXTINF:-1,N-JOY Weltweit Listen live
https://ndr-loop-28.cast.addradio.de/ndr/loop/28/mp3/128/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Country Music Germany Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/countrymusicgermany
#EXTINF:-1,Радио 4you Listen live
https://a1.radioheart.ru:9003/RH17982
#EXTINF:-1,Galaxy 100.2 FM Listen live
https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/galaxy-fm-1002
#EXTINF:-1,SASH - Club Dance Only Listen live
https://sashstream.de:8002/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Elyon Listen live
https://www.radioking.fr/play/radio-elyon
#EXTINF:-1,Heart Dunstable Listen live
https://media-ssl.musicradio.com/HeartBedsBucksHerts
#EXTINF:-1,Jukebox - Kreuzberg Swiss Listen live
https://simba.streampanel.cloud:11050/server
#EXTINF:-1,KINK Distortion Listen live
https://21223.live.streamtheworld.com/KINK_DISTORTIONAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1,Oktoberfest Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/oktoberfest?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Concertzender Jazz Listen live
https://streams.greenhost.nl:8006/jazz
#EXTINF:-1,He Radio 88.3 FM Listen live
https://sonic.cabildostreaming.cl/8002/server
#EXTINF:-1,Loco FM Listen live
https://cc5.beheerstream.com/8158/server
#EXTINF:-1,M1.FM - Kuschelschlager Listen live
https://tuner.m1.fm/kuschelschlager.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,M1.FM - Schlagerparty Listen live
https://tuner.m1.fm/schlagerparty.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Gamerarmy FM Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/gamerarmyfm
#EXTINF:-1,WCAI  - Cape and Islands NPR 90.1 FM Listen live
https://streams.audio.wgbh.org:8202/wcai
#EXTINF:-1,malle-mallorca Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/malle-mallorca?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,MEGAPARK Radio Listen live
https://megapark.stream24.net/radio-megapark.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Дорожное радио - Рок клуб Listen live
https://hls-01-dorognoe-rock.emgsound.ru/18/96/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Magic Radio Listen live
https://stream-mz.planetradio.co.uk/magicnational.aac
#EXTINF:-1,BCA Listen live
https://broadcas.radioca.st/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Hitradio Buxtehude Classic  Listen live
https://stream.hitradio-buxtehude.de/radiode/hitradio-buxtehude-classic
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Hamburg Deutsch Pop Listen live
https://rhh.streamabc.net/rhh-deutschpophits-mp3-128-7526021
#EXTINF:-1,Русское Радио - Детский Канал Listen live
https://rr-detskijkanal.hostingradio.ru/detskijkanal96.aacp?0.6702298618041798
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Soy Listen live
https://cloudstream2032.conectarhosting.com/9500/server
#EXTINF:-1,Exclusively Iron Maiden Listen live
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/ironmaiden/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1,Omroep Venlo Listen live
https://olon.az.icecast.ebsd.ericsson.net/omroep_venlo
#EXTINF:-1,NEON Radio Listen live
https://s44.myradiostream.com/5670/
#EXTINF:-1,LionafriQ EDM Radio Listen live
https://azura12.instainternet.com/radio/8010/radio.mp3?1614679232
#EXTINF:-1,Ormesheim  Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/ormesheim?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,rockvibes Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/rockvibes?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Euro Smooth Jazz Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/eurosmoothjazz
#EXTINF:-1,DFM Русский Рейв Listen live
https://dfm-russianrave.hostingradio.ru/russianrave96.aacp
#EXTINF:-1,Pilatus Schlager Listen live
https://rpschlager.ice.infomaniak.ch/rpschlager-128.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio 32 Schlager Listen live
https://stream.radio32.ch/radio32schlager
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Arabella Hits & Schlager Listen live
https://hits-und-schlager.radioarabella.de/hits-und-schlager.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,RFT Hits - Radio Ticino Listen live
https://streaming.smartradio.ch:8525/server
#EXTINF:-1,Euromusicradio Mexico Listen live
https://stream3.mexiserver.com:10068/stream?icy=http
#EXTINF:-1,BurnFM - Indie Listen live
https://0n-indie.radionetz.de/0n-indie.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Balla Balla FM Listen live
https://ice15.fluidstream.net/ballaballa.aac
#EXTINF:-1,Radio BlueMagic Listen live
https://radio-bluemagic.stream.laut.fm/radio-bluemagic
#EXTINF:-1,Radio K-res Fm Listen live
https://stream.zeno.fm/nhtsr4xc7ehvv
#EXTINF:-1,MFR 2 Listen live
https://stream-mz.planetradio.co.uk/mfram.aac
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Camping Car Listen live
https://www.radioking.com/play/radio-camping-car
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Caramba Listen live
https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/Caramba
#EXTINF:-1,Radio DHW1 - Deine Heimatwelle Listen live
https://c2.radioboss.fm:18051/server
#EXTINF:-1,scoteire Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/scoteire?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Power Web Radio Listen live
https://live9.livemus.com.br:27460/
#EXTINF:-1,Kpop Peru Aqp 2 Listen live
https://s4.utune.in:7016/stream?icy=http
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Europa - Schlager - Radio für Gran Canaria Listen live
https://server8.emitironline.com:18734/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Europa Schlager - Radio für Teneriffa Listen live
https://server10.emitironline.com:11057/
#EXTINF:-1,Exmouth AiR Radio Listen live
https://streaming.broadcastradio.com:10325/exmouthmp3
#EXTINF:-1,Paul in Rio Listen live
https://usa10.fastcast4u.com/paulinrio
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Hamburg Schlager Hits Listen live
https://rhh.streamabc.net/rhh-schlager-mp3-128-1669500
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Holland Online Listen live
https://mediaserv68.live-streams.nl:18062/live
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Hoogeveen Listen live
https://icecast.interip.nl:8000/lohhoogeveen
#EXTINF:-1,Onda Radikal Listen live
https://listen.shoutcast.com/ondaradikal
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Conexiones Listen live
https://sonic-us.streaming-chile.com:7036/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Campesina Cubana Listen live
https://radiocampesinacubana.stream.laut.fm/radiocampesinacubana
#EXTINF:-1,Exclusively Bryan Adams Listen live
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/bryanadams/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1,Sputnik Южная Осетия Listen live
https://icecast-ruvr.cdnvideo.ru/rian.voicetsk
#EXTINF:-1,RMF Hard & heavy Listen live
https://rs8-krk2-cyfronet.rmfstream.pl/HARDHEAVY
#EXTINF:-1,More FM - Kapiti/Horowhenua 90.3 FM Listen live
https://livestream.mediaworks.nz/radio_origin/more_[KAP]_128kbps/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Roland Listen live
https://stream.ffn.de/radioroland/mp3-192/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Salü Urlaubsradio Listen live
https://internetradio.salue.de:8443/schlagerparty
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Wien Listen live
https://oe2w2shoutcast.sf.apa.at/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Jodlerwirt Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/radio-jodlerwirt
#EXTINF:-1,Christmasradio24 - AnMaCha Listen live
https://christmasradio24.stream.laut.fm/christmasradio24
#EXTINF:-1,Triple S Radio Listen live
https://www.radioking.com/play/triple-s-radio
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-of-Disco-Dance Listen live
https://radio-of-disco-dance.stream.laut.fm/radio-of-disco-dance
#EXTINF:-1,Exa FM Listen live
https://radios-cr.cdn.nedmedia.io/radios/exa.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Rádio Calheta Listen live
https://streamonline.pt/radio/8000/server
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Estrella del Mar Listen live
https://streaming.chiloestreaming.com/9630/
#EXTINF:-1,RRI Pro 1 Pontianak FM 104.2 Listen live
https://cdnpontianakpro1.rri.co.id/web-rripontianakpro1.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,RFT Swiss Music Club - Radio Ticino Listen live
https://streaming.smartradio.ch:8506/server
#EXTINF:-1,Radiosr24.de Listen live
https://s1.slotex.pl/shoutcast/7560/stream?sid=1
#EXTINF:-1,Radyo Dejavu Listen live
https://radyodejavu.80.yayin.com.tr/stream/1/?icy=http
#EXTINF:-1,RauteMusik - Best of Schlager Listen live
https://rautemusik-de-hz-fal-stream18.radiohost.de/rm-best-of-schlager_mp3-192?ref=rm5beta
#EXTINF:-1,RauteMusik - Christmas Schlager Listen live
https://rautemusik-de-hz-fal-stream12.radiohost.de/rm-christmas-schlager_mp3-192?ref=rm5beta
#EXTINF:-1,RauteMusik - PartyHits Listen live
https://rautemusik-de-hz-fal-stream15.radiohost.de/partyhits
#EXTINF:-1,RauteMusik - Schlager Oldies Listen live
https://rautemusik-de-hz-fal-stream18.radiohost.de/rm-schlager-oldies_mp3-192?ref=rm5beta
#EXTINF:-1,Retro Rádió Listen live
https://icast.connectmedia.hu/5001/live.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Rheydt live Listen live
https://rheydt.stream.laut.fm/rheydt
#EXTINF:-1,Jovem Pan - JP FM Patos de Minas Listen live
https://shout25.crossradio.com.br:24030/1
#EXTINF:-1,RMF PRL Listen live
https://rs10-krk1-orange.rmfstream.pl/PRL
#EXTINF:-1,RTV Roermond Listen live
https://ms5ic.mx-cd.net/204-1147050/3ML_Radio
#EXTINF:-1,RTBF La Première Wallonie Listen live
https://radios.rtbf.be/laprem1ere-128.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,SchlagerMania Listen live
https://0-24schlagermania.stream.laut.fm/0-24schlagermania
#EXTINF:-1,Schlagerpop24 - AnMaCha Listen live
https://schlagerpop24.stream.laut.fm/schlagerpop24
#EXTINF:-1,SchlagerRadio.FM Listen live
https://rautemusik-de-hz-fal-stream13.radiohost.de/schlager?ref=rmwp
#EXTINF:-1,CHRISTMAS Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/christmas?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Llanura de Colón Listen live
https://icecast.teveo.cu/sjcNk3Jb
#EXTINF:-1,Rede Boa Nova de Rádio Listen live
https://8592.brasilstream.com.br/server
#EXTINF:-1,Sláger FM Listen live
https://slagerfm.netregator.hu:7813/slagerfm128.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Slonsky Radio Listen live
https://h2866159.stratoserver.net:8443/?v=87572827
#EXTINF:-1,SpeedyRadio Listen live
https://server-27.stream-server.nl:18312/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Playback Rock Listen live
https://stream01.radioplayback.dk/live
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Excellent Listen live
https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/radioexcellentfm
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Bruno Gold Music Listen live
https://stream2.xdevel.com/audio2s975355-55/stream/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1,LOMBARDIA RADIO TV Listen live
https://onair22.xdevel.com/proxy/xautocloud_nek2_339?mp=/stream/
#EXTINF:-1,Subcity Radio Listen live
https://stream.subcity.org/subcity.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Exclusively Crosby Stills Nash and Young Listen live
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/csny/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1,Linda Radio Listen live
https://22603.live.streamtheworld.com/JUKE_S02.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,The Trucker Radio Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/thetruckerradio
#EXTINF:-1,Tirolia-Express Listen live
https://server-28.stream-server.nl:8846/server
#EXTINF:-1,Volksmusik Brixental Radio Listen live
https://brixentalerradio.stream.laut.fm/brixentalerradio
#EXTINF:-1,NewsTalk Listen live
https://stream.audioxi.com/NT
#EXTINF:-1,Weeff Radio Listen live
https://ice.cr2.streamzilla.xlcdn.com:8000/sz=weeff=weeffradio
#EXTINF:-1,Uniosun Fm Listen live
https://streamingV2.shoutcast.com/UniosunFm
#EXTINF:-1,Dance FM Chile Listen live
https://video.mediawebchile.com:9332/server
#EXTINF:-1,Rádio São Miguel Listen live
https://nl.digitalrm.pt:8140/server
#EXTINF:-1,Авторская Песня - 101.ru Listen live
https://pub0302.101.ru:8443/stream/pro/aac/64/35
#EXTINF:-1,Александр Розенбаум - 101.ru Listen live
https://pub0301.101.ru:8000/stream/pro/aac/64/153
#EXTINF:-1,Беседка для друзей Listen live
https://listen6.myradio24.com/serega1975
#EXTINF:-1,Гоп FM - Radio Record Listen live
https://radiorecord.hostingradio.ru/gop96.aacp
#EXTINF:-1,Калина Красная Listen live
https://icecast-studio21.cdnvideo.ru/KalynaK_1a
#EXTINF:-1,Радио Искатель Listen live
https://iskatel.hostingradio.ru:8015/iskatel-128.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Русское Радио - Высоцкий Listen live
https://rr-vysockij.hostingradio.ru/vysockij96.aacp?0.9385482692548683
#EXTINF:-1,Шансон Хит Радио - RadioSpinner Listen live
https://live.radiospinner.com/shnsnhit-64
#EXTINF:-1,Шлягер Одесса Listen live
http://stream.globalic.com.ua:1160/stream
#EXTINF:-1,kuschellounge Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/kuschellounge?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,egoFM Live Listen live
https://egofm-ais-edge-3005-fra-eco-cdn.cast.addradio.de/egofm/live/mp3/high/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,The Dream Cafe Listen live
https://myradio24.org/dreamcafe
#EXTINF:-1,Experimentalgems Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/experimentalgems
#EXTINF:-1,Chill FM Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/chillfm
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Monte Carlo 105.9 FM Listen live
https://icecast227.ptspb.ru:8443/monte
#EXTINF:-1,radiojoscy Listen live
https://stream.laut.fm/radiojoscy?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,NDR 1 Niedersachsen
https://icecast.ndr.de/ndr/ndr1niedersachsen/hannover/aac/low
#EXTINF:-1,SWR4 Baden-Württemberg
https://liveradio.swr.de/stee998/swr4bw/
#EXTINF:-1,100% Schlager - SchlagerPlanet
https://schlagerplanet.hoerradar.de/schlagerplanet-schlager-mp3-mq
#EXTINF:-1,100% Deutsch - SchlagerPlanet
https://schlagerplanet.hoerradar.de/schlagerplanet-deutsch-mp3-hq
#EXTINF:-1,Larmo
https://stream.laut.fm/larmo
#EXTINF:-1,100% Volksmusik - SchlagerPlanet
https://schlagerplanet.hoerradar.de/schlagerplanet-volksmusik-mp3-mq
#EXTINF:-1,Volksmusikpur
https://stream.laut.fm/volksmusikpur
#EXTINF:-1,Max
https://azuracast.novi-net.net/radio/8010/radiomax.aac
#EXTINF:-1,Altstadtwelle
https://icecast.multhielemedia.de/radio/8040/rheinradio.mp3?1607975081
#EXTINF:-1,Emslandstudio
https://stream.laut.fm/emslandstudio
#EXTINF:-1,Balla Balla FM
https://ssl.script24.net:10030/
#EXTINF:-1,100% Helene - SchlagerPlanet
https://schlagerplanet.hoerradar.de/schlagerplanet-event02-mp3-mq
#EXTINF:-1,Seefunk RSF
https://webradio.radio-seefunk.de/
#EXTINF:-1,Grün-Weiss
https://live.gruen-weiss.at/rgw.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Norderney
https://radio-norderney.stream.laut.fm/radio-norderney
#EXTINF:-1,100% Kultschlager - SchlagerPlanet
https://schlagerplanet.hoerradar.de/schlagerplanet-kultschlager-mp3-mq
#EXTINF:-1,MK - Dein Schlager Radio
https://rnrw.cast.addradio.de/rnrw-0192/deinschlager/low/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne Bayern - Schlagersahne
https://mp3channels.webradio.antenne.de/das-schlager-karussell
#EXTINF:-1,LaFamilia-Radio Schlager
https://media1.lafamilia-radio.de/schlager192.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,RPR1. Schlager
https://stream.rpr1.de/schlagerhits/mp3-128/radiovolna
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne MV Schlager-Laune
https://regiocast.hoerradar.de/antennemv-schlager-mp3-mq
#EXTINF:-1,treffpunkt-evergreen
https://treffpunkt-evergreen.stream.laut.fm/treffpunkt-evergreen?t302=2020-04-23_06-08-41&uuid=275a6dc0-495e-4bef-89fb-109d15f3acd0
#EXTINF:-1,Holland Online
https://schlagerzone.stream.laut.fm/schlagerzone?t302=2020-04-23_06-42-33&uuid=aaa2c41f-fd10-4c3f-9398-45d6a84fc2a8
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Continu
https://stream.radiocontinu.nl/radiocontinu
#EXTINF:-1,Salland1 de omroep voor Salland
https://stream.and-stuff.nl:8443/live-airplay_320
#EXTINF:-1,Oktoberfest
https://oktoberfest.stream.laut.fm/oktoberfest?t302=2020-04-23_07-54-38&uuid=25d8f980-031c-4812-9b78-d46a3aa76cef
#EXTINF:-1,Bonn / Rhein-Sieg - Dein Schlager Radio
https://rnrw.cast.addradio.de/rnrw-0143/deinschlager/high/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Köln - Dein Schlager Radio
https://rnrw.cast.addradio.de/rnrw-0185/deinschlager/low/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,IllertalFM
https://stream.laut.fm/illertalfm
#EXTINF:-1,PSR Sachsensongs
https://regiocast.hoerradar.de/psr-sachsensongs-mp3-mq
#EXTINF:-1,Foxpalast
https://stream.laut.fm/foxpalastradio
#EXTINF:-1,Delta FM
https://deltafmdunkerque.ice.infomaniak.ch/deltafmdunkerque-high.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Klangbild
https://stream.laut.fm/klangbild
#EXTINF:-1,Lippe Welle Hamm - Dein Schlager Radio
https://rnrw.cast.addradio.de/rnrw-016f/deinschlager/high/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Leverkusen - Dein Schlager Radio
https://rnrw.cast.addradio.de/rnrw-018b/deinschlager/low/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Erft - Dein Schlager Radio
https://rnrw.cast.addradio.de/rnrw-015c/deinschlager/high/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,SAW Deutsch
https://saw-stream19.radiohost.de/saw-deutsch_128?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Schwung
https://server32899.streamplus.de/
#EXTINF:-1,RADIO-L
https://radio-l.stream.laut.fm/radio-l?t302=2020-04-23_10-33-25&uuid=624c88d6-74b1-4901-945b-b153c44205dd
#EXTINF:-1,RadioOfDevils
https://radioofdevils.stream.laut.fm/radioofdevils?t302=2020-04-23_07-36-40&uuid=62760204-2d6d-4243-b2c9-70342242128a
#EXTINF:-1,BattiFM
https://battifm.stream.laut.fm/battifm?t302=2020-04-23_05-31-48&uuid=4a18fed1-65ee-441e-8409-5d061dc64e44
#EXTINF:-1,R.SA - Die Offizielle Partywelle
https://regiocast.hoerradar.de/rsasachsen-partywelle-mp3-mq
#EXTINF:-1,ICE RADIO WALDKRAIBURG 1 MIX SPEZIAL
https://irw.tunefm.de:8070/
#EXTINF:-1,Music-For-The-World
https://s5.stream-webradiotechnik.de:9352/stream1
#EXTINF:-1,Melody SF
https://duomelodysf.stream.laut.fm/duomelodysf?t302=2020-04-23_10-11-37&uuid=c3e0a71b-c9e9-4ff1-afd7-b9748231f932
#EXTINF:-1,RadioNR1
https://radionr1.de:10000/live?1647169411542
#EXTINF:-1,frankenmeile
https://radio-frankenmeile.stream.laut.fm/radio-frankenmeile?t302=2020-04-23_06-19-52&uuid=8a61c608-98d1-4cd3-a165-07b36d521bb3
#EXTINF:-1,Paloma (Poppel)
https://ex52.voordeligstreamen.nl/8054/stream
#EXTINF:-1,RPR1. Pappnasen
https://stream.rpr1.de/pappnasen/mp3-128/radiovolna
#EXTINF:-1,RPR1. Kölner Karneval
https://stream.rpr1.de/karneval/mp3-128/radiovolna
#EXTINF:-1,Schwarzwaldradio
https://stream.schwarzwaldradio.com/schwarzwaldradio
#EXTINF:-1,Hitradio - Bodensee
https://dealer1952.radioca.st/
#EXTINF:-1,RPR1. Aprés Ski
https://stream.rpr1.de/apresski/mp3-128/radiovolna
#EXTINF:-1,SRF Musikwelle
https://stream.srg-ssr.ch/m/drsmw/mp3_128
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Paloma - 100% Deutscher Schlager
https://stream.silvacast.com/RPLive/mp3-128/radio_de/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Paloma - Volksmusik
https://pool.radiopaloma.de/RP-Volksmusik.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,ORF Radio Vorarlberg
https://orf-live.ors-shoutcast.at/vbg-q1a
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager Radio plus Hossa!
https://orf-live.ors-shoutcast.at/ooe-q1a
#EXTINF:-1,PARTYSCHLAGER
https://pool.radiopaloma.de/RP-Partyschlager_rde.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,RAI Südtirol
https://radiobzlive.rai.it/RAIBZ_Livestream
#EXTINF:-1,hr4 Mitte
https://dispatcher.rndfnk.com/hr/hr4/mitte/mp3/high?aggregator=radio-de
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager Radio
https://addrad.io/4454r8m
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Fox4You
http://85.25.217.22:8100/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,SR 3 SchlagerWelt
https://liveradio.sr.de/sr/sr3c1/mp3/128/stream.mp3?aggregator=radio-de
#EXTINF:-1,100% Sommerschlager von Schlagerplanet Radio
https://streams.schlagerplanetradio.com/sommerschlager/mp3-192/radiode/
#EXTINF:-1,101.ru: Russian Songs Русские Песни
https://pub0102.101.ru:8443/stream/pro/aac/64/41
#EXTINF:-1,100% Malle-Hits von Feierfreund
https://streams.feierfreund.de/mallehits/mp3-192/radiode/
#EXTINF:-1,hr4 Nord
https://dispatcher.rndfnk.com/hr/hr4/nord/mp3/high?aggregator=radio-de
#EXTINF:-1,ORF Radio Burgenland
https://orf-live.ors-shoutcast.at/bgl-q1a
#EXTINF:-1,Radio 32 Schlager
https://stream.radio32.ch/radio32
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Siebenbuergen Hauptstream
https://s01.radio-siebenbuergen.de/
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager Radio Berlin-Brandenburg 106.0 FM
https://liveradio.swr.de/rddez3a/swr4hn/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Paloma - Partyschlager
https://pool.radiopaloma.de/RP-Partyschlager.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Paloma - Kultschlager
https://pool.radiopaloma.de/RP-Kultschlager.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Puur NL
https://stream.radionl.fm/rnlzuidholland
#EXTINF:-1,Double Z Radio
https://web.radio.antennevorarlberg.at/av-schlagerkult?aggregator=radio.at
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Paloma - Fresh
https://pool.radiopaloma.de/RP-Fresh.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Paloma - Kuschelschlager
https://pool.radiopaloma.de/RP-Kuschelschlager.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Eurovision Song Contest Radio
https://icepool.silvacast.com/ESCRADIO.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager Radio Helene Fischer
https://h2866159.stratoserver.net:8443
#EXTINF:-1,Schlagerfeeradio
http://sfr-stream.de:8004/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio P.R.O.S.
https://mediacp.audiostreamen.nl:8238/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Radio S3
https://53a7ed211fc32.streamlock.net/asmedia/index/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Palmenwirt
https://server3.streamserver-unlimited.de:8759/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,100% Andrea Berg - von SchlagerPlanet
https://streams.schlagerplanetradio.com/andrea/mp3-128/radiode/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Altstadtwelle
https://radioplayer-oldieexpress.schlagerparadies.de/schlageroldies
#EXTINF:-1,Dieters Schlager Radio – Die Nummer 1
http://94.249.254.217:8050/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,SCHLAGER
https://pool.radiopaloma.de/RADIOPALOMA_rde.mp3?amsparams=playerid:radio-de_kachel_schlager
#EXTINF:-1,Nova's Music Lounge
http://144.76.84.153:21712
#EXTINF:-1,Deutsches Musikradio
http://136.243.133.81:8000/live
#EXTINF:-1,Megapark-Radio
http://live.megapark-radio.com/radio-megapark.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Wesole Slonzoki
http://51.255.8.139:8380/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Schlager-Pur
http://5.9.16.111:8350/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Ö24 Steiermark
http://streamplus14.leonex.de:24954/
#EXTINF:-1,1A Wirtschaftswunder
http://1a-wirtschaftswunder.radionetz.de:8000/1a-wirtschaftswunder.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,RPR1.Schlager
https://stream.rpr1.de/schlagerhits/mp3-128/radiode
#EXTINF:-1,ABF Love
https://abf.net-radio.fr/abflove.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Discofoxfieber
http://systemweb-server3.de:11700/
#EXTINF:-1,Ilmwelle Schlager 
http://stream.ilmwelle.de/ilmwelle-schlager-128.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager Radio Roland Kaiser
https://mdr-990601-0.sslcast.mdr.de/mdr/990601/0/aac/high/stream.aac?aggregator=radio-de
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne Unna - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44524fx
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Alperose
https://saurus.streampanel.net/hgcntkxz?mp=/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Radio RSG - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/445246x
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Max HR
https://stream.1a-webradio.de/saw-partyschlager/mp3-128/radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radyo Dejavu
http://radyodejavu.canliyayinda.com:8054/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio 91.2 - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44522kf
#EXTINF:-1,radio SAW Schlagerparty
https://stream.saw-musikwelt.de/saw-schlagerparty/mp3-192?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,ABF Gold
https://abf.net-radio.fr/abfgold.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,RadioMonster.FM - Schlager
https://schlager.radiomonster.fm/320.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,SR 3 Oldiewelt
https://liveradio.sr.de/sr/sr3c2/mp3/128/stream.mp3?aggregator=radio-de
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Silesia
http://s1.slotex.pl:7350/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,R.SA – Schlager
https://streams.rsa-sachsen.de/schlager/mp3-192/radiode/
#EXTINF:-1,Germanradio.info
http://stream.germanradio.info:10300/
#EXTINF:-1,Deutsches Radio Spanien
http://178.33.166.7:7602/stream.nsv
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Hotspot
http://7f9f366.online-server.cloud:8000/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Alpina 106,9
https://alpina.fluidstream.eu/alpina.aac
#EXTINF:-1,PartyHits by rautemusik
https://partyhits-high.rautemusik.fm/?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,100% Partyschlager von Feierfreund
https://streams.feierfreund.de/schlager/mp3-192/radiode/
#EXTINF:-1,Girl Power
https://stream.laut.fm/girlpower?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Herne - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44523bf
#EXTINF:-1,Love Express Radio
http://apollo.rserve.de:9988/
#EXTINF:-1,MaschseeWelle
https://saurus.streampanel.net/rnjdwsal?mp=/stream
#EXTINF:-1,100% Karneval von Schlagerplanet
https://streams.schlagerplanetradio.com/karneval/mp3-192/radiode/
#EXTINF:-1,Amay Fréquence Musique
http://s8.myradiostream.com:12658/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Alpenfunk Radio
http://www.radio-alpenfunk.de/minicaster/live.pls
#EXTINF:-1,Ambiance Music 
http://streaming.radionomy.com/ambiancemusic
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne AC - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.antenneac.de/445238p
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne Düsseldorf - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.antenneduesseldorf.de/44522px
#EXTINF:-1,AMV PartyHITmix
https://stream.antenne.com/schlager/mp3-128/radiode/
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne Niedersachsen Schützenfest Hits
https://stream.antenne.com/schuetzenfest/mp3-128/radiode/
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne Niederrhein - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.antenneniederrhein.de/44523fx
#EXTINF:-1,Banana-Joe-Radio
http://systemweb-server3.de:10000/stream/2/
#EXTINF:-1,Beatfox Radio
https://stream.laut.fm/discofox-fm?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Beatz and More
https://stream.laut.fm/beatz-and-more?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio beiFreunden 
http://s1.radiobeifreunden.de:8050/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Belle Vallée
http://radio.rbv.lu:8002
#EXTINF:-1,Blue Magic Radio
http://148.251.82.234:9046/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,BWR Webwelle Nord
http://server4.streamserver24.com:21970/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Caribbean Sound Radio
http://server31043.streamplus.de:13628/
#EXTINF:-1,Club-Generation
http://server28364.streamplus.de:10020/
#EXTINF:-1,Club-Red-Diamond 
http://stream.radio-club-titania.net:8000/
#EXTINF:-1,Club Trifal - Schlager
http://stream.trifal.com:8000/schlager
#EXTINF:-1,Creative Radio
https://systemweb-server3.de:12102/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Dancefloor-Radio
https://radio4.vip-radios.fm:18030/stream-128kmp3-Dancefloor
#EXTINF:-1,Dance Music Radio
http://stream.dance-music-radio.de:8000/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Dance Night
https://stream2-alfacast-hosting.com/8140/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Dauerbrenner
http://server34835.streamplus.de:12500
#EXTINF:-1,Deine SchlagerWelt 1 
https://stream.laut.fm/deineschlagerwelt?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,DEUNL-Radio Welt der Musik
http://streamplus55.leonex.de:10446/
#EXTINF:-1,DGL-Radio
http://server4.streamserver24.com:26445/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,diis Radio
https://cast4.asurahosting.com/proxy/diisradi/stream
#EXTINF:-1,DownTown Radio
https://s20.streamcaster.eu:8077/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Dragon-Flame
http://87.118.78.50:11100/
#EXTINF:-1,Dragonland-Radio
https://s1.genx-stream.de:8552/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Drentse Piraten
https://server1.streamgigant.nl:9214/drentsepiraten192
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Eclips
http://www.stream-server.nl/streams/Eclips.pls
#EXTINF:-1,Eliteradio
http://elitestreaming.de:10600
#EXTINF:-1,Erzgebirger Musik Express 
https://hermes.bcs-systems.de/radio-erzgebirge_simulcast_192k_mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Extertaler-Musikwelt
http://systemweb-server3.de:11100/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Fantasy Island
http://www.radio-fantasy-island.de:9000
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Fantasy Rotterdam
http://caster04.streampakket.com:8024/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Fehnradio
http://streamplus16.leonex.de:20916
#EXTINF:-1,100% Oktoberfest von Feierfreund
https://streams.feierfreund.de/oktoberfest/mp3-128/radiode/
#EXTINF:-1,Foerde Radio - Schlager
https://live.foerde-radio.de/Stream4
#EXTINF:-1,fresh80s Angelsfox Weihnachtssender
http://85.25.217.22:9050/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Fundisko - die Radiofamilie
http://server4.streamserver24.com:21672/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio FunSunday
http://radiofunsunday.servemp3.com:8000/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Future Beatz
http://148.251.82.234:27000/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Geiseltal-Radio
http://streamplus53.leonex.de:20916/
#EXTINF:-1,General Hit Radio
https://srv.webradiomanager.fr:1330/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Germanradio.info/Schlager
http://germanradio.info:13500
#EXTINF:-1,Germany-Radio
http://176.9.148.80:8400/stream1
#EXTINF:-1,GO Gorzów
https://waw.ic.smcdn.pl/6490-1.aac
#EXTINF:-1,Gold Perlen Music
http://207.180.204.12:8002/
#EXTINF:-1,Grenzland-Radio
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/353983/stream/403198
#EXTINF:-1,Grenzland-Musik
http://144.76.84.153:38123/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,HarbourTown Radio
http://88.198.175.30:5099/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Heuvellandexpress
http://server-51.stream-server.nl:8340/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,hit-fox-music
http://49.12.189.232:8000/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Hitpool Radio
http://apollo.rserve.de:9932/
#EXTINF:-1,Hitradio 4 you 
http://94.23.6.107:8505/stream.nsv
#EXTINF:-1,radio-hurrican-power-mix
http://streamplus3.leonex.de:10468/
#EXTINF:-1,vissel-radio-club
http://server4.streamserver24.com:26483/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Ilmwelle 
http://stream.ilmwelle.de:8000/ilmwelle_mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Jangos Power Radio
http://94.249.254.89:8000/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Kiebitz
http://46.228.199.242/radio/8000/radio.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Kisss-Power Radio
https://stream.laut.fm/kissspower?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Laester-Radio
http://stream.laester-radio.com:8000/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,La-Familia Radio
https://video.mediawebchile.com:2000/stream/8200/stream
#EXTINF:-1,LandesWelle SchlagerWelle
https://stream.landeswelle.de/lwsw/mp3-128/rde/
#EXTINF:-1,500
https://stream.laut.fm/500?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio 92.Drei
http://176.9.148.80:8570/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne Harz
https://stream.laut.fm/antenneharz?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Wellenbummler
https://stream.laut.fm/colonia1?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Druckwelle 2
https://druckwelle.stream.laut.fm/druckwelle
#EXTINF:-1,limbimusic
https://stream.laut.fm/limbimusic?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Musikmix
https://stream.laut.fm/musikmix?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,radio-amazing
https://stream.laut.fm/radio-amazing?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio De Kleine Zwerver
http://213.202.241.176:8159/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,radiomixx
http://91.232.4.33:10600/stream?1547315321259.aac
#EXTINF:-1,radiounion
https://acp4.lorini.net/proxy/ur2080?mp=/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager Radio MIX
https://stream.laut.fm/schlagermusik?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,ukwprojekt
https://stream.laut.fm/ukwprojekt?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Lenka
http://s1.slotex.pl:7028/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,leuk.fm
http://stream.leuk.fm/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Loco FM
http://locofm.shoutcaststream.com:8158/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Lux - Radio
https://lux-naxinacional.streaming.rs:8607/stream.nsv
#EXTINF:-1,MagicExpressRadio
https://stream.laut.fm/magicexpressradio?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Mandy-Tanzpalast
http://144.76.84.153:23430/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Mausi-Dance-Radio
https://mausi-dance-radio.stream.laut.fm/mausi-dance-radio
#EXTINF:-1,Maxis-Hitradio
https://stream.maxishitradio.de:8002/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Melody Flash Radio
https://servidor34-3.brlogic.com:8286/live
#EXTINF:-1,Memoriesradio Florida
http://eagle.streemlion.com:4733/
#EXTINF:-1,Memory Lane - Club Radio 
https://server17232.streamplus.de/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Mittendrin Radio Region
https://s1.slotex.pl:7592/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Music Sound Radio
http://stream01.script24.net:9230/
#EXTINF:-1,Musikkaennchen 
https://stream.laut.fm/musikkaennchen?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Musiktruhe - Best of Musik
https://bayern.streampanel.cloud:10844/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Myhitmusic - LEAs FOX
https://radio.myhitmusic.de/Leas-Fox-aac.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,My Hitradio24
https://stream.laut.fm/myhitradio24?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Nevermind
https://stream2-alfacast-hosting.com/8142/stream
#EXTINF:-1,NE-WS 89.4 - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.news894.de/44523zp
#EXTINF:-1,Noël Web Radio
https://stream.laut.fm/christmastimeagain?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Northsea Music Waves
https://listen.radionomy.com/hitmusic-northsea
#EXTINF:-1,Nord - Ostseestrandradio - Das Original 
http://server3.streamserver24.com:24016/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,NRWwelle
http://rs2.easytron24.net:21036/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Ollis Webradio
http://server15.blitz-stream.de:7310/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Only4you Radio
http://server2.blitz-stream.de:14000
#EXTINF:-1,Palmenstrandradio
http://listen.palmenstrandradio.com:8000/
#EXTINF:-1,Paradisesound.de
http://stream-pds.de:21000/stream/2/
#EXTINF:-1,Partybeatz.net
http://partybeatz.net:51784/
#EXTINF:-1,Partyhuettenradio 
http://stream.partyhuettenradio.de:8020/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Party-Star-Radio
http://luna.dwe-gruppe.eu:9324/
#EXTINF:-1,Passion FM
http://streaming.cloudmjs.com:8002/cfin.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,PEP'HIT
https://ecmanager4.pro-fhi.net/pephit
#EXTINF:-1,Planet-Discofox
https://server7.streamserver24.com:61422/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Plattenküche 
https://plattenkueche.tunefm.de:9010/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-PowerVoice
https://radio-powervoice.stream.laut.fm/radio-powervoice
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Quirinus
http://s8.iqstreaming.com:8064/stream?
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Sunshine
http://radio-sunshine.dh-media.net:7010/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio 100% tubes 
http://streaming.radionomy.com/Radio100-tubes
#EXTINF:-1,Radio66
https://radio66.stream.laut.fm/radio66
#EXTINF:-1,Radio 90,1 - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.radio901.de/44523tf
#EXTINF:-1,radio 98eins 
http://mmv-mediathek.de:8000/radio98eins
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Austria - Best of Schlager
https://schlager.securestream.radioaustria.at/schlager
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager Radio Kuschelschlager
https://radiob2--di--nacs-ais-lgc--07--cdn.cast.addradio.de/radiob2/deutschpop/mp3/high/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager Radio Weihnachten
https://addrad.io/4454sm7
#EXTINF:-1,Radiobase 2 - Musikmix
http://server34312.streamplus.de:11066/
#EXTINF:-1,Radiobase.de 
http://server23719.streamplus.de:21084/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Bochum - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44522bf
#EXTINF:-1,RadioBox64
http://stream04.stream-webradiotechnik.de:9650/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Brebach
http://147.135.251.28:12005/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Butterfly
http://radio-butterfly.org:9200/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Chaosteam
http://c01.lexycast.de:3990/listen1
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Crazy
https://razvcarp1.radioca.st/:80/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Dream-Beach
http://stream01.script24.net:9016/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Duisburg - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/4453r8p
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Džungla
http://5.9.25.50:9302/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Ennepe Ruhr - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44522tf
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Essen - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44522xx
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Euskirchen - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44522zp
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Freunde der Musik
http://stream04.stream-webradiotechnik.de:8650/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Fun and more
http://radiofunandmore.eu:8000/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Funky Town
http://stream04.stream-webradiotechnik.de:18800/listen1
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Hagen - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/4452356
#EXTINF:-1,Radio K.W. - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44524hp
#EXTINF:-1,Radio La Luna
https://audio5.tustreaming.cl/8025/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Lammertal
http://server4.streamserver24.com:26311/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Lauterbach
https://stream.laut.fm/hessen-radio?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio LO1 - Radio Limbach-Oberfrohna
http://85.25.118.42:8000/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Malaga 
http://185.23.192.118:8002/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-mit-Herz
http://server3.streamserver-unlimited.de:8370/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio MKW Alles Schlager
https://stream.laut.fm/allesschlager?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Mülheim - Dein Schlager Radio
http://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44523w6
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Music 4 You
https://c01.lexycast.de:3730/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Music for Ever
http://89.22.116.15:8060/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Music-Road 
http://138.201.234.215:10772/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Musikexpress
http://148.251.88.105:8000/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Musikfreunde
http://stream.radio-musikfreunde.de:8700/stream.nsv
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Neandertal - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.radioneandertal.de/44523rp
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-NFE
http://94.249.254.46:8050/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Oberhausen - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44524n6
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Orbis
http://server31606.streamplus.de:12986/
#EXTINF:-1,Radiopalast
https://s1.genx-stream.de:7002
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Paloma 106 FM
https://ex52.voordeligstreamen.nl/8054/paloma
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Paloma - Weihnachtsschlager (X-MAS)
https://pool.radiopaloma.de/RP-XMAS.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Partywelle
https://www.rpwstream.com/live
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Pfalz
http://server4.streamserver24.com:21648/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Power Beat
https://stream.radiopowerbeat.de:8052/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Regenbogen - Schlager
https://stream.regenbogen.de/schlager/aac-128/radiode
#EXTINF:-1,radiorennsalami
http://stream04.stream-webradiotechnik.de:10400/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Rheinland
https://stream.laut.fm/radiorheinland?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio RST - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44524d6
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Sauerland - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/44523d6
#EXTINF:-1,RadioSelection
http://live.radio-selection.de/onair
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Sevendays
https://stream.laut.fm/sevendays?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Siegen - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/445248p
#EXTINF:-1,Radio SL
http://5.9.16.111:8820/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vest - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.lokalradio.nrw/4452456
#EXTINF:-1,Radio VHR
http://live.radio-vhr.de/radiovhr.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vreden
http://pop.webradioscout24.de:80/pop.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Vulkan
http://server13.blitz-stream.de:7520/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Wuppertal - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.radiowuppertal.de/44524kf
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Zwei
http://5.9.16.111:8490/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Red Diamond Palast
http://stream04.stream-webradiotechnik.de:8100/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Rhythmus Of The World 
http://c01.lexycast.de:4150/
#EXTINF:-1,Rogos-Powerradio 
http://89.163.144.59:5786/stream
#EXTINF:-1,RTV Arnhem
https://caster01.streampakket.com/proxy/8748/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Nunspeet
https://msic.mx-cd.net/262-2600790/Radio_Nunspeet
#EXTINF:-1,RTV Schlagerbox
https://schlagerbox.stream.laut.fm/schlagerbox
#EXTINF:-1,RTW FM
http://37.59.195.28:8054/
#EXTINF:-1,RWB971
http://server1.cityedv.at:9010/
#EXTINF:-1,RWWO
http://92.222.193.229:8204/
#EXTINF:-1,S4-Radio ELEVEN
http://s4-stream.com:10018/stream
#EXTINF:-1,S4-Radio FOUR
http://144.76.156.119:10042/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Sallys Radio Club
http://apollo.rserve.de:9986/stream.nsv
#EXTINF:-1,Schausteller Radio
http://85.25.185.170:8000/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Schlagerdream
http://stream.schlagerdream.de:8050/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Schlagermöwe-Emden
http://s3.genx-stream.de:9050/listen.pls
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager time
http://159.148.27.137:8760/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Schlagerzender
https://stream.laut.fm/schlagerzender?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Webradioscout24 - Schlager Hitradio
http://live.schlager-hitradio.de/schlager.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,sfr-radiogalaxy
http://85.214.128.94:1000/
#EXTINF:-1,Silverstar-Radio
http://94.249.254.137:8000/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,SKY RADIO FM
http://s1.skyradio.com.mk:8002/?1461419091351.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,SLMM
https://stream.slmm.de:8000/128
#EXTINF:-1,Slonskie Radio Hitmix
https://s1.slotex.pl/shoutcast/7294/stream
#EXTINF:-1,SpeedyRadio
http://server-07.stream-server.nl:8312/
#EXTINF:-1,Sternenfeuer-Radio
http://207.180.230.141:8060/
#EXTINF:-1,SU FM
http://media04.streampartner.nl:8070/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Radiotb14-fm
http://stream.laut.fm/radiotb14fm
#EXTINF:-1,Test28
http://tuner.m1.fm/kuschelschlager.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Tirolia-Express
https://server-28.stream-server.nl:8846/stream
#EXTINF:-1,TMR-Radio.de 
http://listen.cdn.streammonks.net:8080/l4m5w
#EXTINF:-1,RadioTotalCrazy.de
http://server1.cityedv.at:9057/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Trallacity
http://stream04.stream-webradiotechnik.de:9150/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Trance-Nation
http://94.23.115.253:8109/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Uldash FM Радио Юлдаш
https://radio.mediacdn.ru/uldash.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Unzmarkt-Frauenburg LIVE
http://host6.cartwall.at:7320/
#EXTINF:-1,Radiostation-Voyager
http://stream1.iradio-project.eu:8006/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Web Rádio B2 Schlager Party
https://stream.zeno.fm/9yejmortuiztv
#EXTINF:-1,WebRadioWattenscheid
http://stream11.shoutcastsolutions.com:8988/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Welle Niederrhein - Dein Schlager Radio
https://stream.welleniederrhein.de/44523kf
#EXTINF:-1,radio-wolkenkratzer
https://radio-wolkenkratzer.de:8005/rwk
#EXTINF:-1,Wonders Radio
https://s5.stream-webradiotechnik.de:11102/mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio World of Sounds
http://138.201.234.215:10880/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Wuppertaler-Radio
http://178.254.2.121:8010/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-La-Rambla
https://c02.lexycast.de:2210/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,Munzi Schlagerbox
https://stream.laut.fm/munzi-schlagerbox?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,EKB Radio
https://s2.genx-stream.de:10102/?type=http\u0026nocache=207
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Schlauti's
https://schlauti-server.de:8020/maindesktopaac
#EXTINF:-1,Christmas Schlager by rautemusik
https://christmas-schlager-high.rautemusik.fm/?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Night-RadioTime
https://stream.laut.fm/night-radiotime?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Wattkieker.Club
http://dirks-ideen.de:12090/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1,night-flame-radio
https://stream.laut.fm/night-flame-radio?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager Star Magazin Radio
https://stream.laut.fm/schlagerstarmagazin-radio?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Räumchen
https://stream.laut.fm/radioraeumchen?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Best of Schlager
https://best-of-schlager-high.rautemusik.fm/?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Schlager Oldies by rautemusik
https://schlager-oldies-high.rautemusik.fm/?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio-Kristallpalast
https://s24.streamcaster.eu:8146/stream1
#EXTINF:-1,Perfect Schlageroldies
https://stream.radiojar.com/rk8e9x2vetzuv
#EXTINF:-1,Sound-Of-Beatz-Radio
https://stream.laut.fm/soundofbeatzradio?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Andante
https://stream.laut.fm/radio-andante?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Reportsande
https://stream.laut.fm/reportsande?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Radio 88.4
https://stream.laut.fm/radio884?ref=radiode
#EXTINF:-1,Baustellenradio 247
https://stream.laut.fm/baustellenradio247?ref=radiode
