Шансон
https://cast.radiogroup.com.ua/shanson320
Chante France
https://stream.chantefrance.com/Chante_France.aac
Radio Bonheur
https://radiobonheur.ice.infomaniak.ch/radiobonheur-128-1.mp3
Nostalgie Chansons Françaises
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30611/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Tubes-Francais
Одесса Мама
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ua/mamaodessa/play?platform=web
Crooner Radio Frank Sinatra
https://direct.croonerradio.fr/croonerradio-franksinatra-midfi.mp3
Nostalgie FM
http://www.nostalgie.fm/
Nostalgie Chansons Francaises
https://streamingp.shoutcast.com/NostalgieChansonsFrancaises-aac
Douce France
https://doucefrance.ice.infomaniak.ch/doucefrance-192.mp3
Nostalgie Generation 80
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/55524/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Generation-80
Cherie Romantic
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30287/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=CHERIE-ROMANTIC
Радио для взрослых
https://myradio24.org/alex542888
100 Pour Cent France
https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/100-Pour-Cent-France
Nostalgie Best Of 80&amp;#39;s
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30605/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Best-of-80
Radio Обозреватель - Лирика Шансона
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/shansonlyrics128.mp3
Cherie Love Songs
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30207/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=CHERIE-LOVE-SONGS
Radyo ilef
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyoilef/play?platform=web
Nostalgie Saturday Night
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30773/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Saturday-Night
Nostalgie Dance Party 90
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/55205/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Dance-Party-90
Nostalgie Legendes
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/55196/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Legendes
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radio Обозреватель - Шансон
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/shansonkievfm128.mp3
Nostalgie Les plus grands Slows
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30609/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Les-Plus-Grands-Slows
Chérie Ballads
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30297/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=CHERIE-BALLADS
Shanson USA
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/shansonusa/play?platform=web
Impact FM
https://impactfm.ice.infomaniak.ch/impactfm-64.aac
Cherie Nouveautes
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30255/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=CHERIE-NOUVEAUTES
Radio Обозреватель - Михаил Круг
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/mihail-krug128.mp3
Radio Dreyeckland Chansons Allemandes
https://stream.rcs.revma.com/x9xzxehcfwzuv
Шлягер Одесса
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ua/moyasemya/play?platform=web
Yimago Nostalgie (Radio Yé-Yé!)
https://yimago.torontocast.stream/yeye
Radio Обозреватель - Шансон
https://radio-stream-0.obozrevatel.com/shanson128.mp3
Radio Caroline
https://radiocaroline.ice.infomaniak.ch/radiocaroline-128.mp3
Radio TOP80s
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/top80s/play?platform=web
Radio Cagnac
https://az1.sslstreaming.com:8050/radio.mp3
Radio Neige-Folle
https://yimago.torontocast.stream/noel
M Radio Années 80
https://mfmwr-010.ice.infomaniak.ch/mfmwr-010.mp3
Radio Vitamine
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/be/vitamine/play?platform=web
Radio Обозреватель - Авторская песня
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/bard128.mp3
Радио Шансон
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/am/chanson/play?platform=web
Cherie Pop
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30227/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=CHERIE-POP
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radio Обозреватель - Авторская песня
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/bard128.mp3
Radio Dreyeckland
https://stream.rcs.revma.com/aguwyw7fkzzuv
Radio Passion
https://stream.votreradiosurlenet.eu/radiopassion.mp3
Радио NS – Шансон
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/kz/nschanson/play?platform=web
77 FM 95.8
https://str0.creacast.com/oxy-meaux
Radio Felichita Рай на двоих
https://stream.zeno.fm/sb0v1ne2w7zuv
Взрослое радио
https://myradio24.org/56149
Radio Potentielle
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/299077/stream/345652
Радио АВЕРС
https://myradio24.org/russgorod
RBM Radio
https://freeuk18.listen2myradio.com/live.mp3?typeportmount=s1_12393_stream_292444372;stream.nsv
Radio Décibel
https://decibel.ice.infomaniak.ch/decibel-128.mp3
RadioSouvenir.com
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/radiosouvenircom/play?platform=web
Nostalgie Poètes
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30619/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Po-tes
Радио Азамат
https://myradio24.org/8162
Radio Noel.com
https://stream1.jupinfo.fr:8443/radiodenoel
Nostalgie FM Chansons Francaises
http://www.nostalgie.fm/
RTVS R Devin
https://icecast.stv.livebox.sk/devin_128.mp3
Radio Salamandre
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/be/salamandre/play?platform=web
1More - French
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/1morefrench/play?platform=web
Радио Пале-Рояль
https://stream.volnorez.com/live-app/197221
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Champagne FM
https://chalons.ice.infomaniak.ch/chalons-128.mp3
M Radio Génériques TV
https://mfmwr-021.ice.infomaniak.ch/mfmwr-021.mp3
M Radio Séducteurs
https://mfmwr-017.ice.infomaniak.ch/mfmwr-017.mp3
Hexagone FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ma/hexagone/play?platform=web
Radio Aléo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/radioaleo/play?platform=web
RADIO TFM
https://radiotfm.ice.infomaniak.ch/radiotfm-128.mp3
Radio Chaabi Dialna
https://www.webchaabi.com/radiodialna.html
Radio Des Boutières
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/radboutie/play?platform=web
Chansons Rouges Mosaik Radio
https://sv6.vestaradio.com/CHANSONSROUGESMOSAIKRADIO
M  Radio Maman
https://mfmwr-018.ice.infomaniak.ch/mfmwr-018.mp3
Морской Прибой
https://stream.zeno.fm/u8sak2yf2k0uv
100 % NL Liefde
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WEB03_AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Радио Музыкальный Рай
https://stream.radio-shlyager.biz.ua:8005/stream
Radio Passion FM
https://radiopassionfm.ice.infomaniak.ch/radiopassionfm-32.mp3
Canal B
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/canalb/play?platform=web
1 ЭФ ЭМ Шансон
https://stream.zeno.fm/kratg7v1338uv
ida Radio sans pub
https://idaradio.xyz/
Radio Dreyeckland Chansons
https://stream.rcs.revma.com/cvcrbdtzmwzuv
Génération Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/be/generation/play?platform=web
Familie Radio Enjoy FM
https://live.radiostudio.be/enjoyfm
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Génération Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/be/generation/play?platform=web
Insta FM
https://de4.fananoon.com:9243/instafm.mp3
Radio Sea FM
https://live-seafm.fr/seafm.mp3
Radio 106.1 FM (Zhytomyr)
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ua/zradio/play?platform=web
Radio Caroline - Carogold
https://carogold.ice.infomaniak.ch/carogold-128.mp3
Radio Tikati Jaw Tounsi
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/573863/stream/633911
Feelgood Radio
https://listen.shoutcast.com/feelgoodradiooo
SaLaMiSoL Web Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/gr/salamisol/play?platform=web
Radio Обозреватель - Фраза Мьюзик
https://radio-stream-2.obozrevatel.com/phrases128.mp3
Ten555Berlin
https://ten555berlin.stream.laut.fm/ten555berlin
Radio Poitou
https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/RadioPoitou
Lit&amp;amp;Jazz
https://servidor35-2.brlogic.com:7096/live
Radio Обозреватель - Кул-school
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/coolschool128.mp3
Lyon Demain
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/93388/stream/131857
Europe 2 Nouvelle Scène
https://europe2.lmn.fm/vr-wr8.mp3
Radio Pays d&amp;#39;Aurillac
https://radiola.me/radio/8030/radio.mp3
Oto Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/otoradio/play?platform=web
Oxygene-FM Albert
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/277441/stream/332056
RCN
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/radcarnancy/play?platform=web
Radio Chansons Music 4 Ever
https://radio.streemlion.com:4370/stream
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radio Chansons Music 4 Ever
https://radio.streemlion.com:4370/stream
Lyon Demain
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/93388/stream/131857
Musik-Kurier
https://musik-kurier.stream.laut.fm/musik-kurier
Rire &amp;amp; Chansons -100% Live
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30409/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Rire-Chansons-100pc-LIVE
Radio Chrono
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/chrono/play?platform=web
Rire &amp;amp; Chansons Humour du Sud
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/55514/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Rire-Chansons-HUMOUR-DU-SUD
Oxygene-FM Albert
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/277441/stream/332056
Paris fm Romantica
https://stream.zeno.fm/cew6pefnbd0uv:
Radio Precision fm
https://stream-43.zeno.fm/066v4md1duquv
Radio WIM
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/292348/stream/338695
Europe 2 Nouvelle Scène
https://europe2.lmn.fm/vr-wr8.mp3
Radio Caroline - CaroCelt
https://carocelt.ice.infomaniak.ch/carocelt-128.mp3
Paris fm Foreign Disco
https://stream.zeno.fm/grx1n85mbd0uv
Radio Préférence
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/be/preference/play?platform=web
Medi 1 Radio Francaise
https://live.medi1.com/Francaise
Ahuga!
https://stream.laut.fm/ahuga
Couleurs FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/couleursfm/play?platform=web
CITERADIO
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/citeradio/play?platform=web
Paris fm  Kiev  Эстрадная
https://stream-38.zeno.fm/mbx1q0e2ctzuv?zs=t32_1KB7QOKWY9TAI0dIZA
Diversité FM
https://diversitefm.ice.infomaniak.ch/diversitefm-128.mp3
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
