Хіт FM
https://online.hitfm.ua/HitFM
98.1 KISS*FM
https://s9.voscast.com:8917/listen.mp3
That 70&amp;#39;s Channel
https://ais-sa5.cdnstream1.com/b68000_128mp3
NRJ
https://cast.radiogroup.com.ua/nrj
Radio Open FM - Impreza
https://stream.open.fm/2
Хіт FM Українські хіти
https://online.hitfm.ua/HitFM_Ukr
Greatest Hits Radio USA
https://stream.radiojar.com/6pz06e8nv4zuv
Хіт FM Сучасні хіти
https://online.hitfm.ua/HitFM_Top
1000 HITS 80s
https://makri.cdnstream.com/1898_128
Европа Плюс Казахстан
https://hls-01-regions.emgsound.ru/11_kazakhstan/playlist.m3u8
Radio Banovina
https://www.radio-banovina.hr/uzivo/
Авторадио
https://cast.radiogroup.com.ua/avtoradio.aac
Radio Pro Music 90s
https://stream.adradio.ro/8414
Radio Open FM - Disco Polo
https://stream.open.fm/21
Бизнес Радио
https://cast.radiogroup.com.ua/businessradio128
Radio Italo4you
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/radioitalo4you/play?platform=web
America&amp;#39;s Greatest 70s Hits
https://streaming.live365.com/a73516
Soul Groove Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/soulgroove/play?platform=web
FM 80 FUNKY MUSIC
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/467555/stream/523739
Italo-Disco
https://stream.laut.fm/italo-disco
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Ретро FM
https://cast.radiogroup.com.ua/retro
RMI-Italo Disco Classic
https://fred.torontocast.com:2320/stream
70s Disco Nights Radio
https://panel.retrolandigital.com/listen/70s_disco_nights/listen
Radio Open FM - Italo Disco
https://stream.open.fm/27
Radio Nostalgie
https://streamvideo.luxnet.ua/nostalgi/nostalgi.stream/playlist.m3u8
RMI-Euro Disco
https://fred.torontocast.com:2340/stream
80s80s Italo Disco
https://80s80s.hoerradar.de/80s80s-italohits-mp3-hq
RMI - Italo Disco New Generation
https://fred.torontocast.com:2330/stream
Italia Dance Music
https://sr2.inmystream.it:18032/stream
Old School 94.1 Fm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/vc/oldschool784/play?platform=web
Retro Show Radio
https://laradiossl.online:10136/;
Energy FM - Old School Classics
https://radio.streemlion.com:1045/stream
Soul Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SOULRADIO_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
BumbleBee
https://live.bfm.net.ua:8000/radio
PulsRadio Trance
https://icecast.pulsradio.com/pulstranceHD.mp3
Radio Forever 80&amp;#39;s
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/forever80s/play?platform=web
Disco
https://stream.laut.fm/disco
Wolf Music Deep House Radio
https://stream.wolfmusicradio.com/listen/wolf_music_deep_house_radio/radio.mp3
Hitradio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/radiohit/play?platform=web
Megapolis FM
https://megapolisfm.md:8443/886aac
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#1 HITS 80s
https://hits80s.stream.laut.fm/hits_80s
The Disco Paradise
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/thediscoparadise?mp=/stream/;
Wijaya FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/wijaya/play?platform=web
90s Eurodance
https://myradio24.org/5967
Radio TOP80
https://top80.pl:8000/listen.mp3
Deep Radio
https://stream.deep.radio/sd
Radio Shazamzee
https://streaming.radio.co/s0ce169aac/listen
Radio FTB Disco Polo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/ftbdisco/play?platform=web
Eurodance
https://eurodance.stream.laut.fm/eurodance
NRJ All Hits
https://cast.radiogroup.com.ua/nrj_hits
Fantasy Radio
https://italo.italo.nu/
Vice City FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/5349gzgeyzzuv
Rádio Só Kakarecos Disco
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/br/sokakarecosdisco/play?platform=web
Disco Classic Radio
https://cc6.beheerstream.com/proxy/discoclassicradio1?mp=/stream
Bikini FM
https://stream.mediasector.es/radio/8030/bikinifm-alicante.mp3
B4B Radio - Disco Funk
https://eu10.fastcast4u.com:8120/stream?icy=http
El Rocanrosaurio
https://rocanrosaurio-mayeutica.radioca.st/;stream.nsv
102.3 FM The Beat (The Beat Chicago)
https://mtl9.hnux.com/http://144.217.233.87:8020/;
Soul Central Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/soulcentral/play?platform=web
DiscoParty.pl - Disco Polo
https://s1.slotex.pl/shoutcast/7432/stream?sid=1
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
102.3 FM The Beat (The Beat Chicago)
https://mtl9.hnux.com/http://144.217.233.87:8020/;
Radio ItaloDance
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/italodance/play?platform=web
Радио Аристократы
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ua/aristocrats/play?platform=web
RM80
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/rm80/play?platform=web
DobraStacja Disco Polo
https://s3.slotex.pl/shoutcast/7344/stream?sid=1
Generation Soul Disco Funk
https://gestream.fr/;stream?sid=1
Radio RMF - Disco polo
https://rs203-krk-cyfronet.rmfstream.pl/DISCOPOLOF
Imperio Kpop
https://zeus.miradio.pro/radio/8140/stream
Super Q Miami
https://cors-proxy.elfsight.com/http://war.str3am.com:7380/live
Radio de los 80 y Más
https://stream.zeno.fm/24tr5wggvnhvv
Kand FM
https://myradio24.org/tamish
Mix FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/hu/mix/play?platform=web
Radio Open FM - Disco Polo Classic
https://stream.open.fm/49
Day Dee Eurodance
https://daydeeeurodance.stream.laut.fm/daydeeeurodance
Radio Exitos de Ayer
https://stream.zeno.fm/wqdx2d5uebruv
Radio Disco ZH
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/co/discozh/play?platform=web
The Disco Planet
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/thediscoplanet?mp=/stream/;
Radio Arumarka Rock 80s.
https://radios.sonidoshd.com/8038/;
NRJ Hot 40
https://cast.radiogroup.com.ua/nrj_hot
Radio Stad Den Haag
https://stream.radiostaddenhaag.com/stream/1/;
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radio Open FM - 4FUN Radio
https://stream.open.fm/173
Мелодія FM Disco
https://online.melodiafm.ua/MelodiaFM_Disco
Radio Open FM - Classic Party
https://stream.open.fm/50
Nostalgie Disco Fever
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30617/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Disco
Rhythm 86
https://visual.shoutca.st/stream/RHYTHM86
Radio Exitos de Ayer
https://stream.zeno.fm/wqdx2d5uebruv
NRG Radio FM
https://serverparadize.com/8026/stream
Diva Radio Disco
https://stream.deevaradio.net:10443/divaradiodisco
Dancegroove Radio
https://server7.streamserver24.com:8080/proxy/marasalf?mp=/stream
ITALOPOWER!
https://stream.deevaradio.net:10443/italopower
Radio RMF - 80s Disco
https://rs103-krk-cyfronet.rmfstream.pl/80SDISCO
Rewind 1039
https://cp13.shoutcheap.com:18188/stream
Retroactivo Radio
https://aguila1.netkairos.com/8050/;
Estereo 88.7 Fm
https://stream.zeno.fm/3e2keb1e7tzuv
The Disco Palace
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/thediscopalace?mp=/stream/;
Radio Star
https://stream.zeno.fm/paaqvxmd0ueuv
Melodia FM International
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ua/melodiainternational/play?platform=web
MEGATRON MIX FM
https://servermax.azuracast.com.es/radio/8010/radio.mp3
1.FM - Disco Ball 70&amp;#39;s-80&amp;#39;s Radio
https://strmreg.1.fm/disco_mobile_mp3
Radio Novosti
https://novosti.radiostreaming.rs/novosti_1
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radio Novosti
https://novosti.radiostreaming.rs/novosti_1
Analog Radio
https://cloud.playradio.one:8555/pro0004.mp3
Italo Melody
https://c34.radioboss.fm:8556/stream320.mp3
Arab Mix FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/na3vpvn10qruv.acc
Dance 80
https://www.shoutcastitalia.com/proxy/dance80?mp=/stream
Otvoreni radio -  Fitness
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/hr/otvorenifitness/play?platform=web
Miled Music Disco
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/mx/miledmusicdisco/play?platform=web
Retro Soul Radio
https://stream.galaxywebsolutions.com/proxy/retrosoul?mp=/stream
Onda Positiva
https://streamingecuador.net:8011/radioondapositiva
Funky Corner Radio
https://ais-sa2.cdnstream1.com/2447_192.mp3
Radio Обозреватель - Дискотека 80-х
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/Disco128.mp3
Radio PSR Live
https://streams.radiopsr.de/psr-live/aac-64/onlineradiobox/
Radio Norte Uy
https://stream.zeno.fm/x5w3kszcwa0uv
ART OF MUSIC
https://artofmusic.radioca.st/stream1
Radio Open FM - 500 Party Hits
https://stream.open.fm/81
Depeche Mode Radio
https://c2.radioboss.fm:18494/stream
Stacja Impreza
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/stacjaimpreza/play?platform=web
Radio 10 Disco classics
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/TLPSTR23.mp3?dist=onlineradiobox
FG-Xtra
https://stream.rcs.revma.com/w33p2cfap98uv
80s80s In The Mix
https://80s80s.hoerradar.de/80s80s-mix-mp3-hq
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
