Stockton Police Dispatch
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/9340
Tucson Police Dispatch
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/22835
Fresno Police, Fire and EMS
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/13549
Mesa County and Grand Junction Police, Fire, EMS
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/52
North Western Sonoma County Fire and CAL FIRE Dispatch
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/14279
ScanSF - San Francisco Police/Fire/EMS Scanner
https://stream.scansf.com/scansf.996xt
Colbert County Police, Fire, and EMS
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/11544
Deaf Smith County Sheriff, Hereford Police and Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/21649
RTL 102.5 Radio Guardia Costiera
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/it/rtlradioguardia/play?platform=web
Los Angeles Police and Fire - South Bay Scanner
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/1932
Tacoma Fire and Rescue
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/6377
Bakersfield Police, Fire and EMS
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/14029
California Highway Patrol - Los Angeles and Orange County Commun
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/10239
Saint Paul Police, Fire, and Public Works Dispatch
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/13544
Skagit County Police and Fire
https://audio1.broadcastify.com/671142648.mp3
Oxnard Police
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/4658
Kent County Police and Fire Dispatch
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/1654
Ennis Police and Fire, Ellis County Sheriff
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/3609
Yuba County Sheriff, Wheatland and Marysville Police, Local Fire and Rescue
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/8294
San Jose Police - Downtown Division
https://audio1.broadcastify.com/138658171.mp3
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Kent County Police and Fire Dispatch
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/1654
San Jose Police - Downtown Division
https://audio1.broadcastify.com/138658171.mp3
Humboldt County Fire, Law, EMS - Eureka and North
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/24351
Los Angeles County Sheriff Fire and Aircraft Santa Clarita V
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/829
San Luis Obispo County Public Safety
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/14142
Cumbre 1470 AM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pr/wkum/play?platform=web
Boulder County Sheriff and Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/591
Petersburg Police and Fire Dispatch
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/22798
Cache County Sheriff&amp;#39;s Office
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/sheriffs/play?platform=web
San Diego Police Scanners: 1
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/sandiegopolicescanners1/play?platform=web
Powell Police, Fire, EMS
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/2897
Chula Vista Police and Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/8919
Phoenix Police
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/12145
Mendocino County Sheriff, Fire, EMS, Cal Fire and CHP
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/6248
Champaign County Police and Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/1814
Colorado Springs Fire and EMS
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/34
Hood County Sheriff, EMS/Fire, and Granbury Police
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/3379
East Alton, Hartford, Roxana, S. Roxana, Wood River Police / Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/21791
Alameda City Police Dispatch
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/32524
Gainesville Police, Fire/EMS, Cooke County Sheriff Dispatch and Storm Spotters
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/20478
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Travis County Law Enforcement
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/14439
Ventura Police
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/1002
Los Angeles County Sheriff Dispatch 11
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/11999
Ventura County Sheriff Dispatch
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/31780
Escondido Police and Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/10892
Dallas City Fire and Rescue
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/2681
CFA District 14 Victoria
https://audio3.broadcastify.com/980282616.mp3
Powhatan County Sheriff, Fire, EMS, Rescue
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/3415
Collin County Police, Fire and EMS
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/22147
Sachse and Rowlett Police / Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/2386
Richmond Fire Dispatch
https://listen.broadcastify.com/sb8nt17g4cqrfm5.mp3
Virginia Beach EMS
https://listen.broadcastify.com/8vysjz9fk61xmtw.mp3
Phillips County Law Enforcement, Fire and EMS
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/12336
Phoenix Metro Area Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/1
Humboldt County Law, Fire, and EMS - Eureka and South
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/7047
Los Angeles City Fire Department
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/2846
Fort Bend County Sheriff and Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/22650
Tulare County Sheriff - Channel 1
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/4233
Downers Grove, Westmont Police/Fire, IFERN
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/14584
Radio Bomberos
https://chileservidores.cl/audio/?p=9938&amp;t=0
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
North Harris County Fire and EMS
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/10729
Weld County Sheriff
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/61
Mareeba Police - VHF
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/7743
Central Carolina Skywarn
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/5620
BART - Bay Area Rapid Transit District (SF Bay Area)
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/2776
CAL FIRE and Riverside County Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/19
Louisa County Fire and EMS
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/2588
Phoenix Metro Area Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/1
PAPA System Analog Repeaters - WD6FZA
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/33087
Virginia Beach EMS
https://listen.broadcastify.com/8vysjz9fk61xmtw.mp3
Florence Police and Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/29488
Wichita Falls Area Law Enforcement
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/1205
California Highway Patrol SFBA - Golden Gate Division
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/2765
Fort Bend County Sheriff and Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/22650
Los Angeles City Fire Department
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/2846
Humboldt County Law, Fire, and EMS - Eureka and South
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/7047
Richmond Fire Dispatch
https://listen.broadcastify.com/sb8nt17g4cqrfm5.mp3
Coos and Grafton County Police and Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/141
Sachse and Rowlett Police / Fire
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/2386
Chicago Fire - Digital
https://broadcastify.cdnstream1.com/909
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
