Soul Groove Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/soulgroove/play?platform=web
FM 80 FUNKY MUSIC
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/467555/stream/523739
En Lefko 87.7
https://stream.radiojar.com/enlefko877
Radio Ciudad FM Musical
https://stream.zeno.fm/mpgqwn4h0wzuv
70s Disco Nights Radio
https://panel.retrolandigital.com/listen/70s_disco_nights/listen
RMI-Euro Disco
https://fred.torontocast.com:2340/stream
TDI Radio
https://streaming.tdiradio.com/tdiradio.mp3
USA Dance Mix
https://streaming.live365.com/a70692
Soul Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SOULRADIO_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Energy FM - Old School Classics
https://radio.streemlion.com:1045/stream
Disco
https://stream.laut.fm/disco
Deepinradio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/gr/deepinradio/play?platform=web
DRS
https://eu2.fastcast4u.com/proxy/mic0?mp=/1
The Disco Paradise
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/thediscoparadise?mp=/stream/;
Nostalgie Funk
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30607/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Funk
Flower Power Radio
https://nl1.streamingpulse.com/ssl/flowerpowerradio
Deep Radio
https://stream.deep.radio/sd
Gold FM 1013
https://stream.radio.co/s00240810b/listen
Leproradio
https://live.leproradio.com/bender.ogg
Classic Funk
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc6955/hls.m3u8
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Vice City FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/5349gzgeyzzuv
Lounge FM 99.5
https://radio.mixnews.lv/995
Classic Funk
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc6955/hls.m3u8
Rádio Metropolitana MPB
https://ice.fabricahost.com.br/metropolitanampb
Jazz Radio -  Funk
https://jazz-wr06.ice.infomaniak.ch/jazz-wr06-128.mp3
B4B Radio - Disco Funk
https://eu10.fastcast4u.com:8120/stream?icy=http
Con Alma de Blues
https://stream.zenolive.com/4k6pk89nmueuv
Le Mellotron
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/477719/stream/534044
Soul Central Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/soulcentral/play?platform=web
Jazzy Lounge
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/jazzylounge/play?platform=web
All Funk Radio 
https://stream.laut.fm/54-funk-soul-dance
Amsterdam Funk Channel
https://live.afc.fm/tunein/afcfm
Generation Soul Disco Funk
https://gestream.fr/;stream?sid=1
Select Radio
https://streaming05.liveboxstream.uk/proxy/selectr1/stream
Souldies Radio
https://cassl.rcast.net/stream/64904/
J 99 Jams
https://usa14.fastcast4u.com/proxy/urbanmed?mp=/1
Générations Funk
https://gene-wr05.ice.infomaniak.ch/gene-wr05.aac
The Disco Palace
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/thediscopalace?mp=/stream/;
The Disco Planet
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/thediscoplanet?mp=/stream/;
Radio Stad Den Haag
https://stream.radiostaddenhaag.com/stream/1/;
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
The Disco Palace
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/thediscopalace?mp=/stream/;
Sublime
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SUBLIME.mp3?dist=onlineradiobox
SwissGroove
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ch/swissgroove/play?platform=web
SuperDj Rádió
https://s03.diazol.hu:35152/stream
Rádio Metropolitana LIGHT
https://ice.fabricahost.com.br/metropolitanasplight
JFK Ibiza
https://stream.jfkradio.es/jfkibiza
96.1 Voice FM
https://s4.radio.co/s75af666f2/listen
Vagalume.FM - Funk
https://stream.vagalume.fm/hls/1470154922349875/aac.m3u8
Rewind 1039
https://cp13.shoutcheap.com:18188/stream
Dance 80
https://www.shoutcastitalia.com/proxy/dance80?mp=/stream
Schwarzwaldradio
https://edge05.streamonkey.net/fho-schwarzwaldradiolive/stream/mp3
COLOR Music Radio
https://icecast8.play.cz/color128.mp3
TDI DOMAĆICA
https://streaming.tdiradio.com/domacica.mp3
Retro Soul Radio
https://stream.galaxywebsolutions.com/proxy/retrosoul?mp=/stream
Akous - Breeze
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/gr/akousbreeze/play?platform=web
Funky Corner Radio
https://ais-sa2.cdnstream1.com/2447_192.mp3
Kofifi FM 97.2
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/za/kofifi/play?platform=web
ART OF MUSIC
https://artofmusic.radioca.st/stream1
Rádio Geração Funk
https://servidor.geracaoradios.com/radio/8040/stream
The Seabreeze 106.3 FM
https://i1.stretchinternet.com/wsbz
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Rádio Geração Funk
https://servidor.geracaoradios.com/radio/8040/stream
The Seabreeze 106.3 FM
https://i1.stretchinternet.com/wsbz
Alltime Oldies
https://streaming.live365.com/a92393
London Music Radio
https://radiobossrelay.radioca.st/stream
Radio Studio 107 Milano
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/412570/stream/465286
54-funk-soul-dance 
https://54-funk-soul-dance.stream.laut.fm/54-funk-soul-dance
Radio Service
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/rservice/play?platform=web
FunkyBand Radio
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/40862/stream/158143
Hotmixradio Funk
https://streamingp.shoutcast.com/hotmix-funk-en-mp3
GotRadio - OG&amp;#39;s Hip Hop n R&amp;amp;B
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/gotradioogshiphopnrb/play?platform=web
Nostalgie Saturday Night
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/30773/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=Nostalgie-Saturday-Night
1.FM - Funky Express Radio
https://strmreg.1.fm/funkyexpress_mobile_mp3
Allzic Radio Funk
https://allzic11.ice.infomaniak.ch/allzic11.aac
Ocean Ibiza Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/es/oceanibiza/play?platform=web
Rádio Oxigénio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pt/oxigenio/play?platform=web
Allzic Radio Deep Disco
https://allzic31.ice.infomaniak.ch/allzic31.mp3
Rádio Studio Souto - Funk
https://stream.zeno.fm/9cd3yrmyfy8uv
Funky Radio
https://funkyradio.streamingmedia.it/play.mp3
JazzRockFusion
https://jazzrockfusion.stream.laut.fm/jazzrockfusion
1.FM - Slow Jamz Radio
https://strmreg.1.fm/slowjamz_mobile_mp3
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
JazzRockFusion
https://jazzrockfusion.stream.laut.fm/jazzrockfusion
Jazz de Ville Groove
https://onair22.xdevel.com/proxy/xautocloud_1kha_423?mp=/stream
B4B Radio - Funk Fever
https://eu10.fastcast4u.com:8120/;stream.nsv
Radio Capital Funky Town
https://streamcdnb8-4c4b867c89244861ac216426883d1ad0.msvdn.net/radiocapitalfunkytown/radiocapitalfunkytown/play1.m3u8
Superfly FM
https://stream01.superfly.fm/live128
Acid Jazz Radio
https://acidjazz.stream.laut.fm/acidjazz
Radio GMusic Retro
https://s9.webradio-hosting.com/proxy/rgmretro/stream?ver=290827
Soul Legends Radio
https://streamer.radio.co/s60f3e59d1/listen
Gdynia Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/gdynia/play?platform=web
Radio Crash
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/hr/crash/play?platform=web
90s90s Soul &amp;amp; RnB
https://90s90s.hoerradar.de/90s90s-rnb-mp3-hq
Deep House Ibiza
https://radio4.vip-radios.fm:18015/stream-128kmp3-DeepHouseIbiza
WEB Rádio Soul Black FM
https://servidor37.brlogic.com:8068/live?type=.mp3
FunkaGroove
https://radio12.pro-fhi.net/live/Funkagroove
Discoland
https://moondigitaledge.radyotvonline.net/discoland/playlist.m3u8
RFM - Night Fever
https://stream.rfm.fr/rfm-wr2.aac
Costa Del Mar Funky
https://radio4.cdm-radio.com:18008/stream-mp3-Funk
Dash Radio - Super Freak
https://ice55.securenetsystems.net/DASH22
Radio Gabriela 98.1 FM
https://streaming01.xhost.cl/8004/stream
Luxfunk Blackmix
https://stream1.virtualisan.net/prx/5000/luxfunkblackmix.mp3
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Luxfunk Blackmix
https://stream1.virtualisan.net/prx/5000/luxfunkblackmix.mp3
Woofer Radio
https://s6.voscast.com:7787/stream
Ibiza Sound Radio
https://stm1.mestrestream.xyz:8366/;
1000 Disco Hits
https://1000discohits.stream.laut.fm/1000discohits
Funk2Disco
https://stream.laut.fm/funk2disco
Radio Delima FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/my/delimafm/play?platform=web
The Q 94.5
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WKLQFM_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
80s Super Dance Floor Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/es/80ssuperdancefloor/play?platform=web
RMC Disco Funk
https://icy.unitedradio.it/rmcweb025
Jazz Radio - Jazzy French
https://jazz-wr18.ice.infomaniak.ch/jazz-wr18-128.mp3
Radio X FM
https://audio5.tustreaming.cl/8160/stream
Rare Sounds Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/v94dzdxt7k0uv
Pool FM
https://radios.poolwebwork.com.br/8010/stream
Disco Rhythm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/au/discorhythm/play?platform=web
Smooth Jazz and More
https://fred.torontocast.com:2485/stream
FreeRadioFunk
https://freeradio-radiohosting2.radioca.st/stream
Groove FM
https://groovefm.stream.laut.fm/groovefm
Radio Meuh
https://radiomeuh2.ice.infomaniak.ch/radiomeuh2-128.mp3
Philly Funk Radio WPMR-DB
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/phillyfunk/play?platform=web
Bayou Blue Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/w3blujazzr/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radio Meuh
https://radiomeuh2.ice.infomaniak.ch/radiomeuh2-128.mp3
Chic FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/it/chic/play?platform=web
ZMIX97
https://stream.rcast.net/63105
Retró Rádió
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ro/retro/play?platform=web
Funk Power Radio
https://radio5.pro-fhi.net/listen-rqwrejez-stream.mp3
Pinguin Classics
https://streams.pinguinradio.com/PinguinClassics192.mp3
Stomp Radio
https://solid24.streamupsolutions.com/proxy/bpqnxopt/stream
Amvrakia Fm 91.9
https://ice.streams.ovh:1195/stream
Lite FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/0dhvpck0xp8uv
Milk &amp;#39;n&amp;#39; Chocolate Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/gr/milkchocolate/play?platform=web
Radio Gabriela 98.1 FM
https://streaming01.xhost.cl/8004/stream
The Groove
https://uk7.internet-radio.com/proxy/simonyates44?mp=/stream
Jockey Radio
https://ec4.yesstreaming.net:2135/stream
Mundo do Funk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/br/mundodofunk/play?platform=web
Radio Galaxy
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ro/galaxy/play?platform=web
Freak31
https://stream.31media.net/freak31
JAMM FM
https://ats.jammfm.nl:9221/;
RadioSlot: Old School Slot
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SP_R2398927_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
JFSR
https://s2.radio.co/s22ae5a8a6/listen
Flash Disco 80
https://stream.zeno.fm/440rpe6bseruv
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
NRJ Funky
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/adwz1/fr/31035/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox&amp;aw_0_1st.station=NRJ-Funky
Antwerpen FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/be/antwerpen/play?platform=web
Radio Nula Classic
https://strm.radionula.com/classics
Flash Disco 80
https://stream.zeno.fm/440rpe6bseruv
JFSR
https://s2.radio.co/s22ae5a8a6/listen
MIGHTY G FORCE RADIO SOUL
https://s10.citrus3.com:8412/stream
K-Lite FM Bandung
https://svara-stream.radioddns.net:8443/bandung_klitefm_acc
KIF Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/kifradio/play?platform=web
Funky Fresh
https://funkyfresh.stream.laut.fm/funkyfresh
MixaRadio -  Chic List
https://manager3.streamradio.fr:1905/stream
Pressure Radio
https://stream.pressureradio.com/live
Onda Ocio
https://radioserver10.profesionalhosting.com:23334/stream
Radio Обозреватель - Джаз-рок энд фьюжн
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/JazzRockFusion128.mp3
Radio Face B
https://radio.ready2play.fr:1645/stream
bigFM RnB
https://stream.bigfm.de/rnb/mp3-128/onlineradiobox
Street Sounds Radio
https://streaming.broadcastradio.com:10525/streetsd
The Strobe Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/thestrobe/play?platform=web
SOULPOWER FM
https://www.tunefm.de:2000/stream/soulpowerfm
Disco Factory FM
https://s5.radio.co/s253044a7a/listen
Jazz Vibe Radio
https://stream.zenolive.com/qak70yrm5tzuv.aac
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Jazz Vibe Radio
https://stream.zenolive.com/qak70yrm5tzuv.aac
Estereo Clase
https://stream.streema.com/?url=http://s8.voscast.com:9434/stream
The Fusion Zone
https://stream.zeno.fm/1e8u9r7u7k0uv
WDJR.net
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/wdjrnet/play?platform=web
Diva Fm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/gr/diva916/play?platform=web
80s80s Funk &amp;amp; Soul
https://80s80s.hoerradar.de/80s80s-soul-mp3-hq
Sup Da Juice Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ua/supdajuice/play?platform=web
KTFZ The Funk Zone
https://stream.zeno.fm/h5skggtacm8uv
80s Club Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/9kausw80fm0uv.mp3
M4B Radio
https://stream.m4bradio.com:24240/radio
Radio Océane
https://radio.oceane.nc/oceane
RJM Radio Groove
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/181675/stream/223462
Guerrilla Radio
https://s2.stationplaylist.com:9460/guerrilla
La Note Picking Radio
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/487895/stream/544649
Prince Radio
https://prince.stream.laut.fm/prince
Blues Rock Rádio
https://mpc.mediacp.eu:2000/stream/BluesRock/stream
Smooth Groovers
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/smoothgroovers/play?platform=web
One Jazz Not
https://ecmanager.pro-fhi.net:1335/stream
Play House Music Radio
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/224293/stream/267754
Radio Amapola
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cl/nuevadimension/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Love Soul Radio London
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/lovesoul/play?platform=web
Radio Transamericana Oruro
https://server.laradio.online/proxy/transamericana?mp=/stream
La Mega Málaga
https://streaming2.elitecomunicacion.es:8220/stream
Vibrations Urbaines
https://srv.webradiomanager.fr:2145/stream
Salalondon Radio
https://solid55.streamupsolutions.com/proxy/cfyzzdah/stream
The Titletown Music Archive
https://streaming.live365.com/a60459
Funkstar Radio
https://funkstar.radioca.st/stream?ver=153586
MC2 Disco Inferno
https://titoli.singsingmusic.net/singsingweb008
Sunradio
https://stream.radiojar.com/4qawu2xta2zuv
Freak31
https://stream.31media.net/freak31
Rádio B
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cz/b/play?platform=web
Precious Radio Funk
https://preciousradio.net/proxy/funk/stream
Kulturica
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/me/cityp/play?platform=web
Sublime Jazz
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SUBLIMEARROWJAZZ.mp3?dist=onlineradiobox
Radio T.K. Disco
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/tkdisco?mp=/stream/;
Funk2Disco
https://funk2disco.stream.laut.fm/funk2disco
CyprusFunkStation
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cy/cyprusfunk/play?platform=web
Radio Funk Brasil
https://player.painelcast.com/proxy/6908/;
Soul Gold Radio - Old School R&amp;amp;B Old Love Songs
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/soulgoldfunk/play?platform=web
M2 Funk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/m2funk/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Kulturica
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/me/cityp/play?platform=web
Dash Radio - Pure Soul Powered By Isaac Hayes
https://ice55.securenetsystems.net/DASH36
93.5 WMWV
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/WMWV_MP3?
Metro 80&amp;#39;ler
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/JOY_TURKAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
K-Lite FM Bandung
https://svara-stream.radioddns.net:8443/bandung_klitefm_acc
Funky Essex
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/funkyessex/play?platform=web
Zenior Radio
https://c7.radioboss.fm:18037/stream
Phat Beats Radio
https://carol.epichosts.co.uk:8190/live.ogg
Odessa
https://stream.laut.fm/odessa
Radio Salsoul
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/salsoul?mp=/stream/;
Studio Prysm 54
https://stream.rcs.revma.com/bz84fq2a0mzuv
Radio Unidisco
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/unidisco?mp=/stream/;
Eilo Radio - Jazz, Funk &amp;amp; Soul Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/bg/eilojazzfunksoul/play?platform=web
Sublime Funk &amp;amp; Disco
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SUBLIME_FUNK_DISCO.mp3?dist=onlineradiobox
Anyway Smooth Radio
https://greeksonic.alphaserver.gr/8020/stream;stream.nsv
Vintage Obscura Radio
https://radio.vintageobscura.net/stream
Baby Boomers R&amp;amp;B
https://usa6.fastcast4u.com/proxy/xhmedrvr?mp=/1
Radio Milano International Classic
https://sr14.inmystream.it/stream/rmiclassics
Zoner Underground Network
https://stream.zunradio.cz/zun3.mp3
Rádio Costa Verde
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/br/costaverde/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Beat98
https://stream.zenolive.com/342u05cu92quv
Musica degli Anni 80
https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/Musica-degli-anni--80
Su-Data Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/rs/sudataradio/play?platform=web
Radio Motown
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/motown?mp=/stream/;
FunkURadio
https://furfmcou.radioca.st/stream
Lançamentos  Funk e Batidão
https://stream.zeno.fm/wwdgk21qb2zuv
Revolt Bass Radio
https://usa18.fastcast4u.com/proxy/revolt_bass?mp=/1?ver=122758
Obscura Basement Radio
https://stream.laut.fm/net
Pure Classix
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/nl/pureclassix/play?platform=web
Doliodoo Radio Amsterdam
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/nl/doliodoo/play?platform=web
The Purple Zone
https://stream.zeno.fm/bm0h37rv3a0uv
The Soul of Dayton
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/thesoulofdayton/play?platform=web
Trax FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/trax/play?platform=web
AMBUSH
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/gr/ambush/play?platform=web
Radio Villa
https://stream.zeno.fm/qk6xzutve48uv
Radio Casablanca
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/casablanca?mp=/stream/;
Radio Nula 2 Organic
https://strm.radionula.com/channel2
Happy FM Radio
https://happyfm.streaming-pro.com:8010/live.mp3
Soul
https://stream.laut.fm/soul
Radio 2Day
https://radio2day.ip-streaming.net/radio2day
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Soul
https://stream.laut.fm/soul
Radio Villa
https://stream.zeno.fm/qk6xzutve48uv
Radio 2Day
https://radio2day.ip-streaming.net/radio2day
AMBUSH
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/gr/ambush/play?platform=web
Triumphant Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ng/triumphant/play?platform=web
Radio Flashsom
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/br/radioblu/play?platform=web
Radio Solar
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/solar?mp=/stream/;
Funky Disco Radio
https://stream.laut.fm/funkydiscoradio
Urban Movement Radio
https://streams.radio.co/s00fff6b95/listen
Classic Sounds Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/4kae5ug9uwzuv
Northern Soul
https://stream.laut.fm/northernsoul
M4B Radio
https://stream.m4bradio.com:24240/radio
Hit Mix UK
https://s2.radio.co/s9fd9d9cb4/listen
Soho Radio
https://sohoradiomusic.doughunt.co.uk:8010/320mp3
RJM Radio 80
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/4952/stream/13217
Dance Classics
https://danceclassics.stream.laut.fm/danceclassics
SoulStation
https://soulstation.stream.laut.fm/soulstation?t302=2018-11-14_13-20-33&amp;uuid=c40583c9-b356-41a3-a04d-68b8c9b7d82e
Radio Generación 60
https://stream.zeno.fm/99bhxqh74bhvv
Golden Classics Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/g2h6uv3qdv8uv
FSJ Radio - XRN Australia
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/au/fsj/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Soul One
https://s01.w3bserver.com:20112/;
FSJ Radio - XRN Australia
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/au/fsj/play?platform=web
Radio Kibuț
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/380248/stream/431281
The Jazz Station
https://streaming.live365.com/a74112
Radio Contact Italy Funky Soul Disco
https://stream.laut.fm/radiocontactitaly
LolliRadio Soul
https://stream.lolliradio.net/lolli_soul.aac?FLID=8
Soul Net Radio
https://s2.myradiostream.com/7888/listen.mp3
UP Radio
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/208624/stream/251509
Soulfood Radio
https://soulfood.stream.laut.fm/soulfood
Soulconnexion Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/hu/soulstation/play?platform=web
Euroradio - Nanton Community Broadcasting Association
https://stream.radiojar.com/yzc9x9z99x8uv
70 80 Disco Funk ModernSoul e Boogie
https://discofunk.streamingmedia.it/play
De La Soul
https://delasoul.stream.laut.fm/delasoul
4U Funky Classics
https://cdnradio.streamakaci.com/4ufunkyclassic.mp3
Universal Rap
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/es/universalrap/play?platform=web
Rv7 Mix
https://stream.zeno.fm/mksck6dmrwzuv
Radio Retro - São Paulo
https://stream.zeno.fm/drxcu2d5uwzuv
Radio TSOP
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/tsop?mp=/stream/;
Disco Power
https://radio4.vip-radios.fm:18033/stream-128kmp3-DiscoPower
McIntosh Music
https://stream.customchannels.net/mcintosh_mp3
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Disco Power
https://radio4.vip-radios.fm:18033/stream-128kmp3-DiscoPower
4U Funky Classics
https://cdnradio.streamakaci.com/4ufunkyclassic.mp3
Funk Soul Brother
https://funksoulbrother.stream.laut.fm/funksoulbrother
Mardi Gras
https://stream.laut.fm/mardigras
Gira Mágica Retro Music
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ar/giramgicaretromusic/play?platform=web
Radio Disco Fritto Italia
https://stream.zeno.fm/rtqp066geq8uv
Sun Soul &amp;amp; Funk
https://diffusion.lafrap.fr/sun-soul.funk.mp3
Topaz Disco Radio
https://cast4.asurahosting.com/proxy/zoltan/stream/
30A Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/30a/play?platform=web
Pulse Motion House
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SP_R2890282_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Funky Vibes FM
https://s4.radio.co/s4902de73b/listen
Youppala
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/youppala/play?platform=web
MRG Funk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/mrgfunk/play?platform=web
Radio Studio 104
https://onair7.xdevel.com/proxy/xautocloud_v8ss_1328?mp=/;1/
Scientific Sound Asia Radio
https://carol.epichosts.co.uk:8270/live.mp3
107.5 JAMZ
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/jamz1075fm/play?platform=web
Ibiza Radios - Funky
https://radio2.vip-radios.fm:18030/stream-128kmp3-IbizaFunky
Oldschool
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/oldschool/play?platform=web
Radio Continente La Serena
https://stm1.srvif.com:7460/;stream.nsv
Deejay - Gasolina
https://4c4b867c89244861ac216426883d1ad0.msvdn.net/webradio/deejaygasolina/playlist.m3u8
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Deejay - Gasolina
https://4c4b867c89244861ac216426883d1ad0.msvdn.net/webradio/deejaygasolina/playlist.m3u8
Radio Continente La Serena
https://stm1.srvif.com:7460/;stream.nsv
RadioApopsi
https://stream.radiojar.com/radio-apopsi
TOP FUNK
https://stream.zeno.fm/zx3c55cgwy8uv
Easyland
https://moondigitaledge.radyotvonline.net/easyland/playlist.m3u8
MixHits
https://hts02.kshost.com.br:11000/live
MOI Web Radio
https://everestcast.streams.ovh/MOIWebRadio
Radio Nueva Era
https://video.mediawebchile.com:8182/stream
Coolzone Web Radio
https://tompalmer.radioca.st/;
Dubplate.fm - 5 Pointz
https://sc2.dubplate.fm/radio/8020/hiphop/uhifi
Delite Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/delite/play?platform=web
Soulconnexion Radio
https://live.soulconnexionradio.com:1590/stream
Radio TSOP
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/tsop/play?platform=web
VLADIX 5 Super
https://radio.dukahosting.com:7004/;
fungfungfung.com
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/th/fungfungfung.com/play?platform=web
Ego Soul
https://streams.egofm.de/egoSOUL-hq
Radio Обозреватель - Reggae, Ska, Rocksteady
https://radio-stream-0.obozrevatel.com/funkreggi128.mp3
FUNK and CO Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/funkandco/play?platform=web
VOLUBILIS (radio)
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/51/stream/725
94.7 The Pulse
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/au/947thepulse/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
VLADIX 5 Super
https://radio.dukahosting.com:7004/;
Radio Обозреватель - Reggae, Ska, Rocksteady
https://radio-stream-0.obozrevatel.com/funkreggi128.mp3
FUNK and CO Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/funkandco/play?platform=web
Size Radio
https://stream.radiojar.com/atr1e8aswa5tv
Radio Обозреватель - ТНМК
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/tnmk128.mp3
ASKiNG Radio SPEED FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/udf8tf8542quv
Absolute Soul Radio
https://ecast.myautodj.com:1305/stream
Urban Hit -  Funk
https://urbanhitfunk.ice.infomaniak.ch/urbanhitfunk-128.mp3
Reminisce Radio
https://streamer.radio.co/sc27678514/listen
Radio Guaibasul A Top Do Som Automotivo
https://hts02.kshost.com.br:9310/live
W-e-f-u-n-k
https://radio-station-w-e-f-u-n-k.stream.laut.fm/radio-station-w-e-f-u-n-k
Pinguin Groove
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SP_R2591867_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Vagalume.FM - Classic R&amp;amp;B
https://stream.vagalume.fm/hls/1467745876337223/aac.m3u8
Web Radio 24horas De Funk
https://stream.zeno.fm/u4p146m8hv8uv
Radio Prelude
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/prelude?mp=/stream/;
Impact FM - Disco Funk
https://impactfm-disco.ice.infomaniak.ch/impactfm-disco-64.aac
Full Moon
https://fullmoon.stream.laut.fm/fullmoon
Rádio da Gente
https://centova4.transmissaodigital.com:20255/stream
24Disco
https://server-28.stream-server.nl:18802/live
Coastline FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/nl/coastline/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Black Tempos Marcantes
https://casthttps1.suaradionanet.net/13695/stream
The P.U.B.E.
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/ULTIMATE_FAN_RADIO_S01AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Full Moon
https://fullmoon.stream.laut.fm/fullmoon
The Funky Channel
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/be/thefunkychannel/play?platform=web
Rádio Super Funk Melody
https://ssl.xcast.com.br:8156/stream
Radio Guaibasul A Top Do Som Automotivo
https://hts02.kshost.com.br:9310/live
The Bomb FM
https://stream.zenolive.com/g8k7ggh20zquv
Pinguin Groove
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SP_R2591867_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
ASKiNG Radio SPEED FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/udf8tf8542quv
Rádio Matuto da Praia
https://stream.zeno.fm/rq8pt2zry8quv
Absolute Soul Radio
https://ecast.myautodj.com:1305/stream
Urban Hit -  Funk
https://urbanhitfunk.ice.infomaniak.ch/urbanhitfunk-128.mp3
Coastline FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/nl/coastline/play?platform=web
TrendFM
https://trendfm.live-streams.nl:18030/live
Las Vegas Hot Radio
https://streaming.live365.com/a03405
Lounge Experience
https://s5.radio.co/sb12ace689/listen
2bClub
https://2bclub.stream.laut.fm/2bclub
Radio Reload
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/it/reload/play?platform=web
Comala Radio
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/38120/stream/74513
Paraguay Kape
https://stream.zeno.fm/x1bcd137y5quv
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Urban 3mpire Radio
https://streaming.live365.com/a64103
Radio Ozono.cl
https://video.mediawebchile.com:8006/stream
Jazz Radio Confluence
https://jzr-com-01.ice.infomaniak.ch/jzr-com-01.mp3
Comala Radio
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/38120/stream/74513
FEEL GOOD
https://radiofeelgood.radioca.st/stream.mp3
Radio Disco Times
https://disco-times-daun.stream.laut.fm/disco-times-daun
TrendFM
https://trendfm.live-streams.nl:18030/live
Radio Dj R
https://djr.stream.laut.fm/djr
Damn Good Music Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SAM06AAC234_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Hit Radio Classics
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/hitclassics/play?platform=web
Paraguay Kape
https://stream.zeno.fm/x1bcd137y5quv
Lounge Experience
https://s5.radio.co/sb12ace689/listen
LDC Radio
https://stream.ldcradio.co.uk/radio/8000/aac1
Siderall Web Radio
https://ssl.srvstm.com:16360/;
Vision Web Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/it/visionweb/play?platform=web
Radio Kolding
https://s4.radio.co/sf3f766dec/listen
Rádio Vila Bela
https://player.mycast.com.br/proxy/7678/;
Rádio funk raiz
https://server11.srvsh.com.br:8116/;
Jammfm Radio Costa del Sol
https://stream.jammfmradio.com/proxy/stream256.php?ver=151009
Da Boxx
https://stream.zeno.fm/34gf7y0k6yzuv
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Rádio Freedom
https://stream1.svrdedicado.org/8030/stream
Leicester Community Radio
https://icecast.maxxwave.co.uk/lcr_aac
Rádio Vila Bela
https://player.mycast.com.br/proxy/7678/;
Exotica Radio
https://solid67.streamupsolutions.com/proxy/repadnom?mp=/;type=mp3
Da Boxx
https://stream.zeno.fm/34gf7y0k6yzuv
Panacea Radio
https://playoutonestreaming.com/proxy/panacea?mp=/stream
Radio Kyklos
https://streamyourdream.org:8076/radiokyklos
Groove FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/nz/groove1077/play?platform=web
Radio Lib&amp;#39;
https://manager6.streamradio.fr:2355/stream
Funky Town
https://radio4.vip-radios.fm:18036/stream-128kmp3-FunkyTown
60&amp;#39;s &amp;amp; Beyond
https://streaming.live365.com/a26545
MANA-MANA
https://mana-mana.stream.laut.fm/mana-mana
Sound Garden Radio
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/212878/stream/255973
Hawaii.FM
https://hawaiifm.stream.laut.fm/hawaii_fm
Rund Funk FM
https://rundfunk.ice.infomaniak.ch/rundfunk-192.mp3?type=.mp3/;stream.mp3
WBJR Outsider Radio 1610AM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/wbjr/play?platform=web
Jammfm Radio Costa del Sol
https://stream.jammfmradio.com/proxy/stream256.php?ver=151009
La Foret
https://alpha.radioplayer.com.ar:9248/laforet
Radio Milano International New Vibes
https://sr14.inmystream.it/stream/rmivibe
Prun-FM
https://www.prun.net/stream/
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Fever (iradio.one)
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/kg/iradioenergy/play?platform=web
MAX.RETRO
https://maxretro.stream.laut.fm/maxretro
Radiocadena Española Madrid
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/es/radiocadenaespanolamadrid/play?platform=web
Disco Club SP
https://stream.zeno.fm/561m0mey3yzuv
Funky Town
https://radio4.vip-radios.fm:18036/stream-128kmp3-FunkyTown
Exotica Radio
https://solid67.streamupsolutions.com/proxy/repadnom?mp=/;type=mp3
Radio Des Makes
https://ecmanager2.pro-fhi.net/radiodesmakes
The Fort Radio
https://s4.citrus3.com:8160/stream
Prun-FM
https://www.prun.net/stream/
Leicester Community Radio
https://icecast.maxxwave.co.uk/lcr_aac
Da Boxx
https://stream.zeno.fm/34gf7y0k6yzuv
Panacea Radio
https://playoutonestreaming.com/proxy/panacea?mp=/stream
Radio Free Detroit
https://radiofreedetroit.out.airtime.pro/radiofreedetroit_a
257 Jazz Connection
https://stream.zeno.fm/6syt9ptaa5zuv
FluxFM B-Funk
https://fluxfm.streamabc.net/flx-event01-mp3-128-7821535
Undergrand
https://stream.zeno.fm/rp1swb5pgzzuv
Disco Classic
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/nl/discoclassic/play?platform=web
Radio Indie International Lounge Network
https://stream.zeno.fm/9rgf1xf5dxhvv
RDMIX 70&amp;#39;s Golden Hits (192k)
https://giorgia.radiobellissima.it:8250/radio.mp3
I Love Music
https://sr10.inmystream.it:18166/stream
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
KJGR Jazz Grooves
https://stream.zeno.fm/acwv6dgzvk8uv
One Station
https://stream.onestation.net/onestation-128.mp3
Radio Free Detroit
https://radiofreedetroit.out.airtime.pro/radiofreedetroit_a
Funky Jazz/Soul 101
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/funkyjazzsoul101/play?platform=web
257 Jazz Connection
https://stream.zeno.fm/6syt9ptaa5zuv
Bestmix
https://bestmix.stream.laut.fm/bestmix
Radio Ohrenweide
https://stream.laut.fm/ohrenweide
Undergrand
https://stream.zeno.fm/rp1swb5pgzzuv
Smoothie Radio
https://c26.radioboss.fm/stream/320
Energy Funky
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/energyfunky/play?platform=web
Radio Indie International Lounge Network
https://stream.zeno.fm/9rgf1xf5dxhvv
Upper Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/upper/play?platform=web
Futura Web Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/it/futuraweb/play?platform=web
BeachDanceClassicsRadio
https://stream.beachgrooves.com:9040/stream.mp3
24gold
https://stream.24gold.nl:8000/radio.mp3
 Nok
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fr/nok/play?platform=web
Familie Radio Enjoy FM
https://live.radiostudio.be/enjoyfm
Olivasoa Radio 91Fm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/mg/olivasoa/play?platform=web
Hot Hit Gold Radio
https://cleo.shoutca.st/listen/hothitgold/radio.mp3
RDMIX 70&amp;#39;s Golden Hits (192k)
https://giorgia.radiobellissima.it:8250/radio.mp3
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Olivasoa Radio 91Fm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/mg/olivasoa/play?platform=web
O.R.H.+
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/bo/orh/play?platform=web
Radio Indie International Lounge Network
https://stream.zeno.fm/9rgf1xf5dxhvv
Funky Tracks Radio
https://streaming2.elitecomunicacion.es:8134//stream
Maxximixx Rave 90&amp;#39;s
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/il/maxximixxrave90s/play?platform=web
Smoothie Radio
https://c26.radioboss.fm/stream/320
Energy Funky
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/energyfunky/play?platform=web
The Surf 94.9 FM - WVCO
https://streamdb8web.securenetsystems.net/v5/WVCO
club.radio
https://icecast.multhielemedia.de/radio/8010/clubradio.mp3
NOSTALGIA  BLACK
https://stream.zeno.fm/cy6ivwjhcbfuv
Radioconectividad
https://radio13.servidorderadio.net:7041/;stream.nsv
WEB Rádio Mistura Beat
https://ssl.srvstm.com:7806/;
Disco Classic
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/nl/discoclassic/play?platform=web
Funky Radio
https://samcloud.spacial.com/api/listen?sid=79903&amp;m=sc&amp;rid=156649
Solar FM Radio
https://s26.myradiostream.com/19698/;listen.mp3
RAdio BOOgie
https://srv4.radioup.net/radio/8000/stream
KOSR Radio Network
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/kosr/play?platform=web
The Winston Club
https://eagle.streemlion.com/proxy/furymedi?mp=/stream
Musikzirkus
https://musikzirkus.stream.laut.fm/musikzirkus
Alltime Oldies - RTC Music Channel
https://streaming.live365.com/a04726
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
