Radio ROKS
https://online.radioroks.ua/RadioROKS
Radio 434 - Rocks
https://icecast01.mycloudserver.info/lsl-rocks
HardRadio.com - Hard Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/hardradiocom/play?platform=web
89 FM A Rádio Rock
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/RADIO_89FM_ADP.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Rock Radio
https://ice.abradio.cz/rockradio128.mp3
Radio ROKS Hard&amp;#39;n&amp;#39;Heavy
https://online.radioroks.ua/RadioROKS_HardnHeavy
Rock FM
https://live.rockfm.ro/rockfm.aacp
101.5 K-Rock
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/KMKF_MP3
Radio BEAT
https://stream.rcs.revma.com/3d47nqvb938uv
CHOM 97.7
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/CHOMFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Rock 95
https://cob-ais.leanstream.co/CFJBFM
ROCK MAX Radio
https://ice.abradio.cz/rockmax128.mp3
Rock Rewind
https://stream.zenolive.com/u18tuaphwzzuv.aac
Big 90&amp;#39;s
https://stream.zeno.fm/qmqe8k5e74zuv
181.FM 80&amp;#39;s HairBand
https://listen.181fm.com/181-hairband_128k.mp3
Rebel 99.4 FM
https://s8.yesstreaming.net:17145/RblGC_hq
Rock Antenne Heavy Metal
https://mp3channels.webradio.rockantenne.de/heavy-metal
KNAC.COM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/knac/play?platform=web
Metal Rock Radio
https://kathy.torontocast.com:2800/;
The Goat
https://vistaradio.streamb.live/SB00066
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Kis Rock
https://stream.zeno.fm/2nbxgbynb18uv
Kerrang Radio
https://tx.planetradio.co.uk/icecast.php?i=kerrang.aac
Radio Čas Rock
https://icecast6.play.cz/casrock128.mp3
Radio ROKS New Rock
https://online.radioroks.ua/RadioROKS_NewRock
Rock Ballads
https://stream.zeno.fm/ynepvmy14bhvv
WILD ROCK RADIO
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/wildrockradio/play?platform=web
94.1 WJJO
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WJJOFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
K-Rock
https://newcap.leanstream.co/VOCMFM?args=web_01&amp;type=.mp3
97.7 HTZ
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/CHTZFMAAC_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Rocker Rádió
https://rockerradio.online/live.mp3
Classic Rock Universal
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/XHNZ_COMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
The HOG
https://live.wostreaming.net/manifest/saga-whqgfmaac-ibc2
Rock Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/si/rockradiosi/play?platform=web
KEXXX Rocks
https://myradio24.org/51020
Metal Heart Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cz/metalheart/play?platform=web
Big R Radio - 80s Metal FM
https://bigrradio.cdnstream1.com/5186_128?listenerid=ea4ef9d7-dc2d-496b-9f18-5bbd5ca7923a&amp;cb=997633.mp3
101.5 WQUT
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WQUTFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
CJAY 92
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/CJAYFMAAC_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Virgin Radio - Rock Classic
https://icy.unitedradio.it/VirginRockClassics.mp3?type=.mp3
Bandit Metal
https://wr03-ice.stream.khz.se/wr03_mp3?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
CJAY 92
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/CJAYFMAAC_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Powerhitz - Pure Classic Rock
https://live.powerhitz.com/pureclassicrock
Vice City FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/5349gzgeyzzuv
Global Throwback Hits
https://stream.zeno.fm/ehn9gybgqd0uv
RockZone
https://icecast2.play.cz/rockzone128.mp3
Classic Metal Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SP_R2724697.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Classic Rock - WIMZ
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WIMZFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Big R Radio - Grunge FM
https://bigrradio.cdnstream1.com/5200_128
SUN FM Rock
https://ec5.yesstreaming.net:3650/stream
Virgin Radio - Rock Classic
https://icy.unitedradio.it/VirginRockClassics.mp3?type=.mp3
The Rock
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/CKGEFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radio Metal Warriors Perú
https://www.metallerium.com:8124/stream
Razor 94.7
https://woodward-radio.streamb.live/SB00039
Radiónica
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/co/radionica/play?platform=web
El Rocanrosaurio
https://rocanrosaurio-mayeutica.radioca.st/;stream.nsv
Radyo Eksen
https://dygedge.radyotvonline.net/radyoeksen/playlist.m3u8
Big R Radio - Classic Rock
https://bigrradio.cdnstream1.com/5171_128?listenerid=ea4ef9d7-dc2d-496b-9f18-5bbd5ca7923a&amp;cb=937601.mp3
Star FM - Berlin
https://starfm-5.explodio.com/berlin.mp3
Hard &amp;amp; Heavy Metal Hits Radio
https://audio.serv.pt/8040/stream
Espíritu Rock
https://mpc1.mediacp.eu:8392/espiriturock.aac
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
80s Radio Hits
https://stream.zeno.fm/05eu8medd3quv
011.FM - House of Hair
https://listen.011fm.com/stream16
100 Greatest Heavy Metal
https://giorgia.radiobellissima.it:8110/radio.mp3
Espíritu Rock
https://mpc1.mediacp.eu:8392/espiriturock.aac
Bandit Rock
https://fm02-ice.stream.khz.se/fm02_mp3?platform=web
Pirate Rock
https://stream.piraterock.se:8100/webradio
97.9X
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WBSXFMAAC_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Q104
https://newcap.leanstream.co/CFRQFM
24-7 Just Rock
https://ssl.shoutcaststreaming.us:8042/;
Austrian Rock Radio
https://live.antenne.at/arr
Rock Lab Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/5fcz2fkbqtzuv
Radio Bob! BOBs 80er Rock
https://streams.radiobob.de/bob-80srock/mp3-128/onlineradiobox/
The Hog 95.7 FM
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WHOGFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
MTV Rocks
https://stream.zeno.fm/mqy5rybacxhvv
LaRockandSoul
https://cloudstream2034.conectarhosting.com/8016/stream
Rock 95.7
https://stream.radiojar.com/kuf5c31kb
Rock 108
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KFMWFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
RA Rock
https://live.rarock.com/stream
Legend FM
https://onairmediagroup.live24.gr/legend1016xanthi
Global Metal
https://stream.zeno.fm/mfuutjhc31quv
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
R.SA Live
https://streams.rsa-sachsen.de/rsa-live/mp3-128/onlineradiobox/
Rock Radio Online Mexico
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SAM07AAC286_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
MTV Rocks
https://stream.zeno.fm/mqy5rybacxhvv
Real Hardstyle Radio
https://stream.rhr.fm/
RockHeavy
https://rockheavy.stream.laut.fm/rockheavy
Radio Star
https://stream.zeno.fm/paaqvxmd0ueuv
Énergie
https://18373.live.streamtheworld.com/CKMFFMAAC.aac
Radio Bloodstream
https://uk1.internet-radio.com/proxy/bloodstream?mp=/stream
The Peak
https://stream.jpbgdigital.com/CKPK/HEAAC/48k/playlist.m3u8
Rock 108
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KFMWFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Sanctuary Radio - Dark Electro Channel
https://ssl.shoutcaststreaming.us:8090/stream
SOL Y RABIA Radio
https://turadio.accesopanel.com:7253/;stream.nsv
The Metal MIXX
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/themetalmixx/play?platform=web
Global Metal
https://stream.zeno.fm/mfuutjhc31quv
GTA Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/qe1hrwvkg48uv
Red Metal
https://stream.radiojar.com/redmetal
95 WIIL ROCK
https://live.wostreaming.net/direct/alphacorporate-wiilfmaac-ibc4?source=onlineradiobox
Northern Metal Radio
https://s3.free-shoutcast.com/stream/18578
FM 96
https://live.leanstream.co/CFPLFM
Dash Radio - 80&amp;#39;s
https://ice55.securenetsystems.net/DASH7
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
BurnFM
https://burnfm.radionetz.de/burn-fm.mp3
MetalRock.FM
https://kathy.torontocast.com:2820/;
Exclusively Iron Maiden
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/ironmaiden/icecast.audio
Radio Open FM - Classic Metal
https://stream.open.fm/108
Metal Live Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/liveradio/play?platform=web
Rockaxis
https://mdstrm.com/audio/5de7fdb07e2fde0798203821/live.m3u8
Radio Astral
https://streaming.rcs.com.sv/8012//stream
Most Radio 105.8 FM
https://wz.mari.co.id:1936/web_mostfm/mostfm/playlist.m3u8
Metal Devastation Radio
https://c13.radioboss.fm:18099/stream
RADIO BEST OF ROCK
https://ice4.abradio.cz/bestofrock128.mp3
Prog Univers Radio
https://manager8.streamradio.fr:3275/stream
Metal Pandemia
https://stream.zeno.fm/5ynnpbgt5tzuv
Radio Metal
https://myradio24.org/radiometal
DistFM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/se/distfm/play?platform=web
RocknRollica
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/rocknrollica/play?platform=web
Regenbogen 2 - Metallica
https://stream.regenbogen2.de/metallica/mp3-128/onlineradiobox
Radio Lublin
https://streaming.radio.lublin.pl:8843/128k
98.7 Modern Rock
https://ais-sa8.cdnstream1.com/2755_64.aac
Metal Zone
https://neos.win:48282/stream
Radio Open FM - 100% Metallica
https://stream.open.fm/62
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
