Radio 434 - Rocks
https://icecast01.mycloudserver.info/lsl-rocks
Wave 80
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ca/wave80/play?platform=web
Totally 80s Radio
https://totally80snew1.radioca.st/320
Vice City FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/5349gzgeyzzuv
80s Zoom
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SAM03AAC226.mp3?dist=onlineradiobox
SynthPop Radio
https://synthpop.stream.laut.fm/synthpop
ON Gothic
https://0n-gothic.radionetz.de/0n-gothic.mp3
80&amp;#39;s New Wave Radio
https://puma.streemlion.com:2910/stream
80s Radio Hits
https://stream.zeno.fm/05eu8medd3quv
Punk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/punk/play?platform=web
Flashback Alternatives
https://puma.streemlion.com/fa192
The Independent FM
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/293701/stream/340084
Most Radio 105.8 FM
https://wz.mari.co.id:1936/web_mostfm/mostfm/playlist.m3u8
inetmusic.ca | Classic Alternative
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ca/mixsudbury/play?platform=web
D1 Alternative
https://fred.torontocast.com:2675/stream
Sraka Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ua/sraka/play?platform=web
ALT/80
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ca/alt80/play?platform=web
113.FM Awesome 80&amp;#39;s
https://113fm-atunwadigital.streamguys1.com/1003
Radio Onda Digital
https://conectperu.com:7089/;
113.FM Synthetic
https://113fm-atunwadigital.streamguys1.com/1061
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
KISS FM
https://panelautodj.innovatestream.pe:10829/;stream.nsv
Yimago Lite Rock (Planet Earth&amp;#39;s Best Music)
https://yimago.torontocast.stream/pop
VanCity Radio 80s
https://stream-42.zeno.fm/fve0g8gpdseuv
Top 80 radio
https://securestreams6.autopo.st:2321/stream.mp3
CJ&amp;#39;s Awesome 80s
https://streaming.live365.com/a75607
Universal Stereo Online
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/XERC_FMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Club 80s with DJ Bueller
https://streaming.live365.com/a90225
Radio Galaxie NewWave
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/15685/stream/29078
INDIE X FM
https://kathy.torontocast.com:2695/stream
Artefaktor 80s
https://c32.radioboss.fm/stream/32
Nostalgie New Wave
https://streamingp.shoutcast.com/NostalgieNewWave-aac
80s Mix Radio
https://80s-mix-radio.stream.laut.fm/80s-mix-radio
Radio Activa
https://alpha.radioplayer.com.ar/stream/fmra1033
Cadena Cristiana Peru
https://stream-11.zeno.fm/vz7x8ntv44zuv
Radio Top 40
https://conectperu.com/8130/stream
Punk Radio Underground
https://s1.slotex.pl/shoutcast/7604/stream
Radio Metro
https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/radiometrooo
Alibi Radio
https://streaming.live365.com/a86183
Radio AlternativeMusic.com
https://streaming.live365.com/a36402
NEW WAVE AND POST PUNK
https://stream.zeno.fm/vfw7n359sc9uv
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Enter The Shadows Radio
https://radio.stmsrv.com:8266/
Cadena Cristiana Peru
https://stream-11.zeno.fm/vz7x8ntv44zuv
Radio Bellissima New Wave
https://giorgia.radiobellissima.it:8150/stream
Radio Retro - São Paulo
https://stream.zeno.fm/drxcu2d5uwzuv
Nickradio
https://streaming.live365.com/a17660
Civil Radio Miskolc - New Wave
https://www.stream.cirmi.org/newwave
Teenage Kicks Radio
https://radio.ready2play.fr:1275/stream
Strawberry Tongue Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/strawberrytongue/play?platform=web
Radio 82
https://stream.laut.fm/radio82
Plazma Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/wplzdb/play?platform=web
Formula10musicA
https://stream.laut.fm/formula10musica
Wave Earth Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/uv6z1a5rxrhvv
Retro 80s &amp;amp; 90s Flashback Music Radio -The Pulse
https://streaming.live365.com/a16621
Radio Gala
https://streamingV2.shoutcast.com/RadioGala1041Fm
Gothville Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/be/gothville/play?platform=web
Abstracto
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/mx/abstracto/play?platform=web
Radio Lib&amp;#39;
https://manager6.streamradio.fr:2355/stream
Flash Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cz/flash/play?platform=web
SuperStereo 6 (24 bit / 96 Khz)
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cl/superstereo624bit/play?platform=web
Tributos&amp;amp;SeñalMix
https://stream.zeno.fm/8bqev8wd74zuv
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radio Rock Hits
https://live.radiorockhits.com/listen/radio_rock_hits/radio.mp3
KL Radio
https://sonic.onlineaudience.co.uk/8036/stream
Be FM Radio
https://puma.streemlion.com:1965/stream
Radio Calico
https://radio3.radio-calico.com:8443/calico
RetroSonic Mix
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/xk/retrosonicfm/play?platform=web
N.A.R.
https://stream.laut.fm/na-radio
X Factor Radio
https://radio.x-factorradio.com:8000/xfactor
Digital80s
https://jenny.torontocast.com:8014/128
Seventeen Seconds
https://stream.radiolime.ch:8443/seventeen
O Pulo do Gato FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/b75nn4ph1k0uv
0nlineradio Neue Deutsche Welle
https://stream.0nlineradio.com/neuedeutschewelle
Atlântica FM
https://ice.fabricahost.com.br/atlanticafmpr
Magic Project Radio
https://nrf1.newradio.it:10300/stream
AJK Radio
https://stream.galaxywebsolutions.com/proxy/ajkradio?mp=/stream
ALT_ESC Radio
https://streaming.live365.com/a00391
RTL69
https://stream.laut.fm/rtl69
Club dj 80&amp;#39;s
https://stream.zeno.fm/zb33fk4kvzzuv
Recuerdos del Futuro
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ar/recuerdosdelfuturo/play?platform=web
Son FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/nl/sonfm/play?platform=web
Rockets Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/u290ap76uwzuv
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
