Radio ROKS
https://online.radioroks.ua/RadioROKS
Rock Radio
https://ice.abradio.cz/rockradio128.mp3
Country Radio
https://icecast2.play.cz/country64.mp3
Radio BEAT
https://stream.rcs.revma.com/3d47nqvb938uv
Vintage FM
https://stream.radio.co/sd60e90ab1/listen
KEXXX Rocks
https://myradio24.org/51020
Aquele Rock
https://radio.aquelerock.com/radio/8000/radiobox.mp3
KOOL 100.9
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WBHQHD.mp3?dist=onlineradiobox
Big R Radio - Classic Rock
https://bigrradio.cdnstream1.com/5171_128?listenerid=ea4ef9d7-dc2d-496b-9f18-5bbd5ca7923a&amp;cb=937601.mp3
Carolina Classic Hits
https://ais-sa2.cdnstream1.com/1374_128
JB&amp;#39;s Rock n Roll - Doowop Jukebox
https://streamer.radio.co/sa7bf61271/listen
Big R Radio - Golden Oldies
https://bigrradio.cdnstream1.com/5198_128
Rock and Roll Radio Mx
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/mx/rocandroll/play?platform=web
91 Rock
https://servidor40.brlogic.com:8044/live?
Absolute Radio - 60s
https://tx.planetradio.co.uk/icecast.php?i=absolute60s.mp3
Ochentas Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/b751gt2uweruv
RADIOROSAK
https://radiorosak.radioca.st/stream
R.SA Live
https://streams.rsa-sachsen.de/rsa-live/mp3-128/onlineradiobox/
Exclusively Michael Jackson
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/michaeljackson/icecast.audio
Rockin&amp;#39; Rhythm and Blues Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/rockinrhythmandblues/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Free FM Rock
https://freefmrock.radioca.st/stream
Baby Boomer Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/babyboomer/play?platform=web
Tinder Radio - Rock N Roll Party
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/rocknrollparty/icecast.audio
181.FM Rock 40 (Rock &amp;amp; Roll)
https://listen.181fm.com/181-rock40_128k.mp3
GotRadio - Rock
https://pureplay.cdnstream1.com/6035_64.aac/playlist.m3u8
Rock Antenne Rock-n-Roll
https://mp3channels.webradio.de/rockandroll
Rock and Roll Radio
https://stream.laut.fm/rockandrollradio
R.SA – Das Beatles Radio
https://streams.rsa-sachsen.de/rsa-beatles/aac-64/onlineradiobox/
Radio Misterio Rock and Pop
https://stream.zeno.fm/3091a6fxgeruv
MyHitMusic - JUKEBOX GOLD
https://radio2.myhitmusic.de/Jukebox-Gold.mp3
Big R Radio - The Rock Mix
https://bigrradio.cdnstream1.com/5172_128
Gdynia Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pl/gdynia/play?platform=web
66 Brasil FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/br/66brasil/play?platform=web
Tiri 2
https://streamer.radio.co/s81fc850fd/listen
R.SA - Das Schnarchnasenradio
https://streams.rsa-sachsen.de/rsa-schnarchnase/mp3-192/onlineradiobox/
World Hits Classic
https://stream.zeno.fm/vw9v0yf52ueuv
Ace Cafe London
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/69079/stream/106852
HotRod
https://hotrod.stream.laut.fm/hotrod
Rock FM
https://rockfm.rockfm.com.tr:9450/stream
Elvis Lives Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/vs82d79f64zuv
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
102.7 WIRL
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WIRLAMAAC_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Dagnys Musikcafe
https://ice.nordblommedia.se/dagny.mp3
1950s Radio
https://listen.shoutcast.com/1950sradio
R.SA - Maxis Maximal
https://streams.rsa-sachsen.de/maxis/mp3-128/onlineradiobox/
Free FM Rock
https://freefmrock.radioca.st/stream
24-7 Pop Party
https://ssl.shoutcaststreaming.us:8030/;
R.SH 80er
https://streams.rsh.de/rsh-80er/aac-64/onlineradiobox/
Forever Rock
https://stream.laut.fm/foreverrock
RockStar
https://stream.mediasector.es/radio/8060/rockstar-alicante.mp3
Rockin 247 Radio
https://s4.radio.co/s0f3a44a66/listen
Hippie Radio 94.5
https://streamdb4web.securenetsystems.net/v5/WHPYFM
Nummer 1 Oldies
https://nummer1oldies.stream.laut.fm/nummer_1_oldies
Radio Clasic Hits
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ro/clasichits/play?platform=web
R.SA - Oldie-club
https://streams.rsa-sachsen.de/rsa-oldies/mp3-128/onlineradiobox/
La Re Zona
https://stream.zeno.fm/6p0xa6w5aa9uv
104.6 RTL Rock Greatest Hits
https://stream.104.6rtl.com/rtl-poprock/mp3-128/onlineradiobox/
Medio Wariney
https://stream.zeno.fm/r3bvxru3za0uv
Radio Krka
https://live.radio.si/Krka
Radio Обозреватель - Rock-n-Roll
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/rock-n-roll128.mp3
Music Box Radio UK
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/musicbox/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Music Box Radio UK
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/musicbox/play?platform=web
Raus
https://raus.stream.laut.fm/raus
1A 60er
https://1a-60er.radionetz.de/1a-60er.mp3
Free FM Rock
https://freefmrock.radioca.st/stream
KARL Radio
https://streaming.live365.com/a81327
Valley Heritage Radio
https://201.netromedia.com/valleyheritage/valleyheritage/playlist.m3u8
WEL 105.5
https://stream.laut.fm/wel105point5?type=.mp3
WECK Radio
https://live.wostreaming.net/manifest/radioonebuffalo-weckamaac-ibc3
Smart Radio N&amp;#39;Roll
https://web.smartradio.ro:8443/smartnroll
Rádio iRock
https://radioserver.online:9927/irockHQ.mp3
Radio Nariño
https://stream.zeno.fm/8ewqw7vbd2zuv
Capital Del Rock
https://stream.zeno.fm/rhaz2fzug98uv
STR - Só Toca Rock
https://ssl.srvstm.com:7134/;
Beach Hop Magic
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/MAGIC_BEACHHOP_S01.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Oldies Music 4 Ever Radio
https://radio.streemlion.com:5405/stream
Golden Gate Greats
https://streaming.live365.com/a88414
Hot 103.7
https://live.wostreaming.net/manifest/audacy-khtpfmaac-imc
World Hits Classic AR
https://stream.zeno.fm/vf0qksdan5zuv
CityVibes.gr
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/gr/cityvibes/play?platform=web
FRC Fofinho Rock Club Web Radio
https://foreverinrock.radioca.st/stream
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
