Rádio Sertanejo Universitário
https://player.transmissaodigital.com/proxy/6752;stream.nsv
Rádio Modão Com Wisley Souto
https://centova5.transmissaodigital.com:20024/;stream.nsv
Rádio Massa FM
https://stm01.virtualcast.com.br:8000/live
BH FM
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/BHFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Rádio Studio Souto - Sertaneja
https://centova5.transmissaodigital.com:20036/;
Rádio Raízes do Brasil
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/br/raizesdobrasilweb/play?platform=web
Rádio Metropolitana Sertanejo
https://ice.fabricahost.com.br/metrospsertanejo
Rádio Mania
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/MANIAFM_REDEAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Sertaneja Pop
https://srv2.andradedeveloper.net/listen/sertanejapop/radio.mp3
Rádio Transamérica
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/RT_SPAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Hunter.FM - Sertanejo
https://hls.hunter.fm/sertanejo/192.m3u8
Rádio Viola Viva Caipira
https://stream.zeno.fm/wv3t4xhtgy8uv
Vagalume.FM - Sertanejo
https://stream.vagalume.fm/hls/14619606471054026608/aac.m3u8
Sertanejo FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/qcwuy1y3tm0uv
Tropical FM
https://8199.brasilstream.com.br/stream
Rádio Studio Souto - Sertanejo Universitário
https://centova5.transmissaodigital.com:20042/;
Rádio Viola de Ouro
https://hts02.kshost.com.br:9322/live
Rádio Buteco Sertanejo
https://stream.zeno.fm/6kumndewqbruv
Top FM
https://centova.svdns.com.br:20019/stream
Rádio Studio Souto - Sertanejo Raizes
https://centova5.transmissaodigital.com:20030
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radio El Deber
https://cast.az-streamingserver.com/proxy/grupoeld?mp=/stream
Liberdade FM 92.9
https://8335.brasilstream.com.br/stream
Rádio Raiz Sertaneja
https://stream.rcast.live/66450
Radio Cabrito
https://sc.radiocabrito.com:10997/;
Radio Terra
https://12.stmip.net:18956/stream
Radio Sertanejo Gospel SC
https://stm24.xcast.com.br:8644/stream
Clássicos Sertanejos
https://servidor24-3.brlogic.com:7220/live
Rádio Sertanejo Caipira
https://stm3.mestrestream.xyz:7384/stream
Viola Viva Sertaneja
https://cc6.streammaximum.com:20030/stream
Rádio Café Viola
https://stm6.xcast.com.br:9328/stream
Rádio Ondas da Saudade
https://servidor32-2.brlogic.com:8026/live
Rádio Pagode
https://s12.maxcast.com.br:8274/live
Viola FM
https://ice.fabricahost.com.br/violafm
Rádio Hits Sertanejo
https://srv3.radioup.net/listen/hitssertanejo/live
Rádio Sertaneja Universitária
https://livecasthd.com.br/play.php?porta=27392
MGT Rádio Sertaneja
https://cast.mgtradio.net/radio/8000/aac
Estereosom Sertanejo
https://educadora.ntelecom.com.br/stream/sertaneja
Tabapuã Rádio Web
https://s05.w3bserver.com:20022/stream
Rádio Só Forró FM
https://stm21.xcast.com.br:10044/;
RIO FM
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/RIOFM_S01AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
