Philly&amp;#39;s Jammin Oldies
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/jamminoldies/play?platform=web
Blues Radio
https://i4.streams.ovh/sc/bluesrad/stream
Metro FM
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/METROFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
95.5 Smooth Jazz
https://rw.theradiowave.com:1110/stream
Crossroad Family Radio
https://auds1.intacs.com/crossroadfamily
Radio Swiss Jazz
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ch/radioswissjazz/play?platform=web
Slow Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/dpk2zq5np2zuv
Smooth R&amp;amp;B 105.7
https://krnb.streamon.fm/KRNB-64k.aac?starttime=1503386167
Hot 108 JAMZ
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/hot108jamz/play?platform=web
Classic Hits 104.1
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WHTTFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
America&amp;#39;s Greatest 70s Hits
https://streaming.live365.com/a73516
Soul Groove Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/soulgroove/play?platform=web
FM 80 FUNKY MUSIC
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/467555/stream/523739
En Lefko 87.7
https://stream.radiojar.com/enlefko877
Pepper
https://stream.radiojar.com/pepper
Radio Ciudad FM Musical
https://stream.zeno.fm/mpgqwn4h0wzuv
Smooth Jazz 105.9
https://rw.theradiowave.com:1120/stream
.977 Hip Hop/RNB
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/977_JAMZ_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Kaya FM
https://edge.iono.fm/xice/82_medium.aac
Jazzy
https://radio.musorok.org/listen/jazzy/jazzy.mp3
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Athens Up Radio
https://stream.radiojar.com/9ndpdg3c0s8uv
Soul Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SOULRADIO_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Energy FM - Old School Classics
https://radio.streemlion.com:1045/stream
MPM Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/za/mpm/play?platform=web
24-7 Northern Soul
https://ssl.shoutcaststreaming.us:8048/;
KJLH Radio
https://live.wostreaming.net/direct/kjlh-kjlhfmaac-ibc2
Kool 97 FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/jm/kool97fm/play?platform=web
The Disco Paradise
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/thediscoparadise?mp=/stream/;
Defjay
https://icepool.silvacast.com/DEFJAY.mp3
Meethi Mirchi Radio
https://meethimirchihdl-lh.akamaihd.net/i/MeethiMirchiHDLive_1_1@320572/master.m3u8?hdnts=st=1632289604~exp=1632376004~acl=/*~hmac=f909ee87e3533037b63b76b8917a54a8bdda59bff2163061fa2c2e3ad7959d4c
Motsweding FM
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/MOTSWEDINGAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Jazz FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/jazzfm1022/play?platform=web
Uk Roots FM
https://securestreams7.autopo.st/?uri=http://ukrootsfm.mywire.org:8000/;
The Big KD 94.1
https://ic2.sslstream.com/wzkd-am
94.7 The WAVE
https://live.wostreaming.net/manifest/audacy-ktwvfmaac-imc
Totally 80s Radio
https://totally80snew1.radioca.st/320
Lounge 96
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/lounge96/play?platform=web
Mai FM
https://tunein-icecast.mediaworks.nz/maifm_128kbps
Radio Brač
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/hr/brac/play?platform=web
K104 - 104.5 KKDA-FM
https://ais-sa1.streamon.fm/7285_64k.aac/playlist.m3u8
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
NonStopOldies
https://s18.myradiostream.com/9676/listen.mp3
Leproradio
https://live.leproradio.com/bender.ogg
Homeboyz Radio
https://atunwapodcasts.com/player/homeboyzradio.html
Jazzy Soul
https://radio.musorok.org/listen/jazzysoul/jazzysoul.mp3
Heart FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/za/heartfm/play?platform=web
Vice City FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/5349gzgeyzzuv
Hot 95.9
https://ice.zradio.org/h/high.mp3
107.5 WBLS
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WBLSFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
KSRJ Slow Jams Radio
https://stream.radiojar.com/ypargqan2qzuv
Relax Jazz
https://stream.relaxfm.ee/jazz
Relax 103 Fm
https://stream.zeno.fm/7vpygga1ra0uv
KOOL 100.9
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WBHQHD.mp3?dist=onlineradiobox
Ligwalagwala FM
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/LIGWALAGWALAAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Disco Classic Radio
https://cc6.beheerstream.com/proxy/discoclassicradio1?mp=/stream
Smooth Jazz Buzz
https://smoothjazzbuzz.stream.laut.fm/smoothjazzbuzz
El Rocanrosaurio
https://rocanrosaurio-mayeutica.radioca.st/;stream.nsv
Sunshine 106.8
https://edge.audioxi.com/SUN
Alpha Boys Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/jm/alphaboysradio/play?platform=web
Mi-Soul Music Radio
https://securestreams4.autopo.st:1607/stream?type=http&amp;nocache=86337
Heart &amp;amp; Soul 92.1 FM/AM 1140 - KRMP
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/KRMP_MP3
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
102.3 FM The Beat (The Beat Chicago)
https://mtl9.hnux.com/http://144.217.233.87:8020/;
Soul Central Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/soulcentral/play?platform=web
Reggae4us Global Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/reggae4usglobal/play?platform=web
V Radio Jakarta
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/vjakarta/play?platform=web
All Funk Radio 
https://stream.laut.fm/54-funk-soul-dance
Sunshine 106.8
https://edge.audioxi.com/SUN
Black Soul Rhythms
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SAM08AAC039.mp3?dist=onlineradiobox
Soul Gold Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/soulgold/play?platform=web
Carolina Classic Hits
https://ais-sa2.cdnstream1.com/1374_128
Select Radio
https://streaming05.liveboxstream.uk/proxy/selectr1/stream
Radio Baraka
https://ice.streams.ovh:1165/stream
Souldies Radio
https://cassl.rcast.net/stream/64904/
WRBO
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WRBOFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
J 99 Jams
https://usa14.fastcast4u.com/proxy/urbanmed?mp=/1
Dash Radio - Dash 1
https://ice55.securenetsystems.net/DASH38
Jammin&amp;#39; FM
https://live.wostreaming.net/manifest/saga-wjmrfmaac-ibc2
Solar FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/solarfm/play?platform=web
Absolute Radio - 70s
https://tx.planetradio.co.uk/icecast.php?i=absolute70s.mp3
Classic Oldies Jukebox
https://streaming.live365.com/a27587
24-7 Motown
https://ssl.shoutcaststreaming.us:8034/;
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Sublime
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SUBLIME.mp3?dist=onlineradiobox
The Disco Planet
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/thediscoplanet?mp=/stream/;
Music 99 FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/9yzcppty0reuv
Luxfunk
https://stream1.virtualisan.net/prx/5000/luxfunkradio.mp3
Jazz Radio - Saxo
https://jzr-saxo.ice.infomaniak.ch/jzr-saxo.mp3
Dash Radio - Dash 1
https://ice55.securenetsystems.net/DASH38
The Vibe
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WVBW_FMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
LaRockandSoul
https://cloudstream2034.conectarhosting.com/8016/stream
181.FM Soul
https://listen.181fm.com/181-soul_128k.mp3
The Wave
https://rtlberlin.streamabc.net/rtlb-thewave-mp3-128-3525376
SwissGroove
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ch/swissgroove/play?platform=web
Sunshine Soul
https://live-bauerie.sharp-stream.com/SSOUL
WSRB 106.3
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WSRBFMAAC_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
JFK Ibiza
https://stream.jfkradio.es/jfkibiza
Play Lounge
https://stream.radiojar.com/n6frf0ct274tv
Crooner Radio Legends
https://direct.croonerradio.fr/croonerradio-legends-midfi.mp3
OUI FM la Radio du Rock
https://ouifm.ice.infomaniak.ch/ouifm-high.mp3
WUNK Southern Soul Radio
https://streaming.shoutcast.com/wunk-southern-soul-radio
The Disco Palace
https://broadcast.miami/proxy/thediscopalace?mp=/stream/;
Blues Café Radio
https://manager4.streamradio.fr:2445/stream
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Rockin&amp;#39; Rhythm and Blues Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/rockinrhythmandblues/play?platform=web
LolliRadio Soft
https://stream.lolliradio.net/lolli_soft.mp3?FLID=8&amp;aw_0_req.gdpr=true&amp;type=.mp3
100hitz - Urban Hitz
https://pureplay.cdnstream1.com/6043_64.aac/playlist.m3u8
Slow Time
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/slowtime/play?platform=web
BabaRadio
https://stream.zeno.fm/v2tmu4q4pf9uv
RadioMaxMusic
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/maxmusic/play?platform=web
Jazz Radio - Soul
https://jazz-wr10.ice.infomaniak.ch/jazz-wr10-128.mp3
The New 88.5 FM
https://stream2.885fm.org/1
Smooth Motion FM
https://vm.motionfm.com/motiontwo_aacp
Soul Classics
https://wr08-ice.stream.khz.se/wr08_mp3?platform=web
Radio Party Groove
https://stream15.top-ix.org/partygroove
Motown
https://ais-sa2.cdnstream1.com/1943_128.mp3
Générations
https://generationfm.ice.infomaniak.ch/generationfm-high.mp3
Schwarzwaldradio
https://edge05.streamonkey.net/fho-schwarzwaldradiolive/stream/mp3
Gulch Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/kzrjlp/play?platform=web
Power Love
https://listen.powerapp.com.tr/powerlove/abr/playlist.m3u8
Radio Big L
https://eastlondonradio.com:8702/biglh.mp3
Retro Soul Radio
https://stream.galaxywebsolutions.com/proxy/retrosoul?mp=/stream
ABC Double J Radio
https://mediaserviceslive.akamaized.net/hls/live/2038315/doublejnsw/masterhq.m3u8
COLOR Music Radio
https://icecast8.play.cz/color128.mp3
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Southern Soul Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/7497bwkvpwzuv
ABC Double J Radio
https://mediaserviceslive.akamaized.net/hls/live/2038315/doublejnsw/masterhq.m3u8
COLOR Music Radio
https://icecast8.play.cz/color128.mp3
99-7 The Mix
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WXAJFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Funky Corner Radio
https://ais-sa2.cdnstream1.com/2447_192.mp3
Most Radio 105.8 FM
https://wz.mari.co.id:1936/web_mostfm/mostfm/playlist.m3u8
NPO Soul &amp;amp; Jazz
https://icecast.omroep.nl/radio6-bb-mp3
Kofifi FM 97.2
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/za/kofifi/play?platform=web
ART OF MUSIC
https://artofmusic.radioca.st/stream1
Vibez Urban Station
https://listentomystream.com:8019/stream
99 JAMZ (WEDR)
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/wedr/play?platform=web
96.1 Voice FM
https://s4.radio.co/s75af666f2/listen
Crooner Radio
https://direct.croonerradio.fr/croonerradio-hifi.mp3
Black Soul Marques
https://player-ssl.kshost.com.br:10020/live
Fun Radio
https://funradiobe.ice.infomaniak.ch/funradiobe-high.mp3
Perfect Smooth Jazz
https://stream.radiojar.com/d3bcstqn9mruv
Smooth FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ng/smoothfm/play?platform=web
1045 The Vault
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/1045thevault/play?platform=web
The New 88.5 FM
https://stream2.885fm.org/1
KVKVI - Music Mike&amp;#39;s Flashback Favorites
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/kvkvi/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
The Loft
https://usa17.fastcast4u.com/proxy/fbpxpddt?mp=/1/
Radio Studio 107 Milano
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/412570/stream/465286
54-funk-soul-dance 
https://54-funk-soul-dance.stream.laut.fm/54-funk-soul-dance
Jazz Radio- Zen Attitude
https://zen-attitude.ice.infomaniak.ch/zen-attitude.mp3
FunkyBand Radio
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/40862/stream/158143
Hippie Soul Cafe
https://ec2.yesstreaming.net:2355/stream
Majic 107.5 / 97.5
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WAMJFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
The Beat
https://stream.oneplay.no/beatoslo128
1.FM - Funky Express Radio
https://strmreg.1.fm/funkyexpress_mobile_mp3
LIVE FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/7586sp6mua0uv
Smooth Grooving FM
https://sgr.lucasmultimedia.com/stream.ogg
The Groove 106.3 FM
https://streamdb7web.securenetsystems.net/v5/KTGV
.100 Hip Hop and RNB FM
https://usa13.fastcast4u.com/proxy/lorenzo1?mp=/1
Rádio Oxigénio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/pt/oxigenio/play?platform=web
PBS
https://23203.live.streamtheworld.com/3PBS_FMAAC128.aac
Ocean Ibiza Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/es/oceanibiza/play?platform=web
Radio Moris
https://azc.radiomoris.com:8010/radio.mp3
Kiss 103.1 FM
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WLXCFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Grolloo Radio
https://uk1.streamingpulse.com/ssl/7053
Groovy Reflections Radio
https://usa12.fastcast4u.com/proxy/reflecti?mp=/1
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
45 Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/radio45/play?platform=web
1.FM - Slow Jamz Radio
https://strmreg.1.fm/slowjamz_mobile_mp3
WDKX 103.9 FM
https://live.wostreaming.net/direct/monroecounty-wdkxfmaac-ibc1
Flow 98.7
https://streamdb7web.securenetsystems.net/cirrusencore/CKFG
K-Jamz 105.3
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/KJMM_MP3?
Jazz de Ville Groove
https://onair22.xdevel.com/proxy/xautocloud_1kha_423?mp=/stream
Vibe FM
https://s9.voscast.com:7825/1
SOUL RADIO Classics
https://listen.soulradio.us/us
Anyway Deep Radio
https://greeksonic.alphaserver.gr/8008/stream
Choice FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/choice/play?platform=web
CITY23 - Der neue Soundtrack für Wien
https://live.stream.maxfive.com/max5-city23?aggregator=onlineradiobox
Superfly FM
https://stream01.superfly.fm/live128
Acid Jazz Radio
https://acidjazz.stream.laut.fm/acidjazz
Générations New Jack
https://generations-njs.ice.infomaniak.ch/generations-njs.mp3
Nostalgie Soul Party
https://streamingp.shoutcast.com/NostalgieSoulparty-aac
SSRadio Deep and Soulful
https://ssradiol.radioca.st/listen.mp3
London Music Radio
https://radiobossrelay.radioca.st/stream
Klassik Radio - Till Brönner
https://klassikr.streamabc.net/klr-tillbrnner-mp3-192-5700900
HIT Eclectic
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/bootleg/play?platform=web
Soul Legends Radio
https://streamer.radio.co/s60f3e59d1/listen
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
