#EXTINF:-1,91.7 ODERWELLE
http://s4.radionetz.de:80/oderwelle.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,HitRadio DE
http://hitradiode.stream.laut.fm/hitradiode
#EXTINF:-1,80er/90er
http://80er-90er.stream.laut.fm/80er-90er
#EXTINF:-1,Foerde-Radio
http://ec1.everestcast.host:2290/stream
#EXTINF:-1,91.7 ODERWELLE - OSL
http://s4.radionetz.de:80/oderwelle-osl.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,91.7 ODERWELLE
http://s4.radionetz.de:80/oderwelle.aac
#EXTINF:-1,ORF Radio Tirol
http://orf-live.ors-shoutcast.at:80/tir-q1a
#EXTINF:-1,Foerde-Radio
http://ec1.everestcast.host:1070/stream
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Leipzig - 80er Kulthits
http://web.radio.radioleipzig.de/radioleipzig-80er/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne Sachsen - Region Chemnitz
http://web.radio.antennesachsen.de/antsa-chemnitz/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne Sachsen - Region Vogtland
http://web.radio.antennesachsen.de/antsa-vogtland/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,NOSTALGIE Live
http://frontend.streamonkey.net/nostalgie-live/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,ANTENNE THÜRINGEN SÜD
http://frontend.streamonkey.net/antthue-sued/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,ANTENNE THÜRINGEN Classic Rock
http://frontend.streamonkey.net/fho-hitradioohr80er/stream/mp3?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,HITRADIO OHR - 80er
http://frontend.streamonkey.net/landeswelle-mitte/stream/mp3?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,LandesWelle Thüringen Region Ost
http://web.radio.radiozwickau.de/radiozwickau-80er/stream/mp3?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,LandesWelle Thüringen Region Mitte
http://web.radio.antennesachsen.de/antsa-lausitz/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Zwickau - 80er Kulthits
http://frontend.streamonkey.net/landeswelle-west/stream/mp3?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,Antenne Sachsen - Region Lausitz
http://frontend.streamonkey.net/fho-hitradioohr80er/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,LandesWelle Thüringen Region West
http://frontend.streamonkey.net/antthue-classicsrock/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,ANTENNE THÜRINGEN SÜD
http://web.radio.radiolausitz.de/radiolausitz-80er/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,HITRADIO OHR - 80er
http://frontend.streamonkey.net/landeswelle-ost/stream/mp3?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,ANTENNE THÜRINGEN Classic Rock
http://frontend.streamonkey.net/antthue-yesterhits/stream/mp3?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Lausitz - 80er Kulthits
http://live.stream.charivari.de/955charivari-80er/stream/mp3?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,LandesWelle Thüringen Region Ost
http://web.radio.radioerzgebirge.de/radioerzgebirge-80er/stream/mp3?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,ANTENNE THÜRINGEN Yesterhits
http://web.radio.antennesachsen.de/antsa-dresden/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,95.5 Charivari 80er Hits
http://frontend.streamonkey.net/antthue-nord/stream/aacp?aggregator=icecastdirectory
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Erzgebirge - 80er Kulthits

#EXTINF:-1,Antenne Sachsen - Region Dresden

#EXTINF:-1,ANTENNE THÜRINGEN NORD

