#EXTINF:-1 , Radio PCM 99% Total Schlager
https://securestreams7.autopo.st/?uri=http://totalschlager.stream.laut.fm/totalschlager
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Happysound
https://cast1.torontocast.com:1780/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Lars FM
https://securestreams7.autopo.st/?uri=http://icecast.pumfm.nl/gmr1
#EXTINF:-1 , Jouwradio
https://jouwradio.live-streams.nl
#EXTINF:-1 , Nostalgie Extra NL-talig
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/NOSTALGIEWAFNL.mp3?dist=getmeradio
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Kuia Bue
https://player-ssl.kshost.com.br:9126/live
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Malayalam
https://radiomalayalamfm.com/radio/8000/radio.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , PaganRadio.org
https://secure1.reliastream.com/paganradio
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Villaurbana Music
https://securestreams7.autopo.st/?uri=http://stream.laut.fm/radiovillaurbanamusic
#EXTINF:-1 , 1000 Volksmusik Hits
https://stream.1000volksmusikhits.de
#EXTINF:-1 , Gaslight Square Folk
https://stream.zeno.fm/bgu8g47ycg0uv
#EXTINF:-1 , The Folk Guitar Place
https://login.webinternetradio.com/folk
#EXTINF:-1 , Folk Tyme (RadioAvenue.com)
https://securestreams7.autopo.st/?uri=http://208.131.139.148:8065/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Station Not Available
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively John Martyn
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/johnmartyn/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively The Dubliners
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/thedubliners/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Steeleye Span
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/steeleyespan/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Eva Cassidy
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/evacassidy/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Kate Rusby
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/katerusby/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Loudon Wainwright III
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/loudonwainwrightiii/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Jethro Tull
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/jethrotull/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Pete Seeger
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/peteseeger/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Woody Guthrie
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/woodieguthrie/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Judy Collins
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/judycollins/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Tom Paxton
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/tompaxton/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Tom Waits
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/tomwaits/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Joan Baez
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/joanbaez/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Kiwifolk Radio
https://streamer.radio.co/sde527a41e/listen
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Gordon Lightfoot
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/gordonlightfoot/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Folk
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyfolk/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Folk Radio Kneginec
https://securestreams7.autopo.st/?uri=http://stream.zeno.fm/yetzdv442k8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Stournareika 92.5 fm Stereo (Trikala)
https://i8.streams.ovh/sc/radiostournareika/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Solo Canzoni Napoletane
https://my.streamingmedia.it/radio/8170/canzoninapoletane.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Rebelle
https://proxy.webradio.tools/51.210.150.87:8080//live.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , TukkerStadFM
https://securestream2.digipal.nl:1931/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Wisdom
https://mediaserv68.live-streams.nl:18023/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , BAYERNSound (by MineMusic)
https://securestreams7.autopo.st/?uri=http://stream.laut.fm/minemusic-bayernsound
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sassuolo
https://stream.laut.fm/radiosassuolo
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Balkan Music
https://www.radiobalkanmusic.com/rbm/radio.php/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Toutes les couleurs du trad
https://my2.radiolize.com/radio/8100/radio.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Zepa
https://stream.zeno.fm/f39fzp6gc18uv
#EXTINF:-1 , FeelGood Folk
https://securestreams7.autopo.st/?uri=http://streaming.live365.com/a60822
#EXTINF:-1 , Suena a Chile Radio
https://securestreams7.autopo.st/?uri=http://stream.zeno.fm/ydrn168efuhvv
#EXTINF:-1 , Exclusively Lindisfarne
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/lindisfarne/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Station Not Available
#EXTINF:-1 , Station Not Available
#EXTINF:-1 , Happy Feet Radio - Folk
https://drive.uber.radio/uber/hffolk/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Happy Feet Radio - Irish Dance
https://drive.uber.radio/uber/hfirishdance/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , PAROS RADIO
https://stream.zeno.fm/xw88vthshwwvv
#EXTINF:-1 , ABC Lounge Radio
https://listen.openstream.co/3139/audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Costa Smeralda
https://securestreams7.autopo.st/?uri=http://stream.laut.fm/radiocostasmeralda
