#EXTINF:-1,Deep House Radio (Бухарест) 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_dncmscb-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Clasic Mozart 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/clasic_ro_mozart-med
#EXTINF:-1,Ambiento Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/ambiento_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Dark Edge Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/darkedge_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Play Radio Romania 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/playradio_org-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Clasic Strauss 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/clasic_ro_strauss-med
#EXTINF:-1,Virgin Radio Romania 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/virgin_romania-med
#EXTINF:-1,Dance FM Romania Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/dancefm_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Romania (Яссы) 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/romania_iasi-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Romania Actualitati 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rom_actualitati-med
#EXTINF:-1,Magic FM Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/magicfm_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Romania International 1 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rri_1-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Clasic Beethoven 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/clasic_ro_beethoven-med
#EXTINF:-1,Europa FM (Бухарест) Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/europafm_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Kiss FM (Бухарест) Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/kissfm_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Rock FM (Бухарест) Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rockfm_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Clasic Kids 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/clasic_ro_kids-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Clasic Jazz 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/clasic_ro_jazz-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Mega-HIT Romania 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/megahit_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Clasic Popular 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/clasic_ro_popular-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Romantic (Румыния) 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_rmntr-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Tequila Hip-Hop Romania 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/tequila_hiphop_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Clasic Hits 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/clasic_ro_hits-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Romania Timisoara 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/timisoara_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,City Radio 106.4 FM 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/cityradio_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Digi FM Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/digifm_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Clasic Opera 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/clasic_ro_opera-med
#EXTINF:-1,Rádió Gaga Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/radiogaga_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,ProFM Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/profm_ro_main-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Gold 96,9 FM (Бухарест) 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/gold_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Clasic Live 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/clasic_ro_live-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio ZU 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_rdzrsfsd-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Romania Oltenia 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/romania_oltenia-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Romania Cluj 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_rmnclj-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Tequila Manele Romania 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/tequila_man_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Szépvíz Rádió Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/szepviz_radio-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Noise Romania 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/radionoise_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vocea Evangheliei (RVE) Sibiu 89.4 FM 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rvesibiu_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Tequila Dance Romania 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/tequila_dance_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Go FM (Сибиу) Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/gofm_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Plusz FM Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/pluszfm_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Romania Constanta 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/romania_constanta-med
#EXTINF:-1,Erdély FM Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/erdelyfm_ro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Mediaș 725 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/medias_725-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Romania Brașov FM 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/romania_brasov-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Romania Târgu Mures 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/romania_targu-med
#EXTINF:-1,Ercis FM Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_ercsfmrdro-med
#EXTINF:-1,Радио Fun FM 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_rumnyfunm-med
