#EXTINF:-1,▶ WFEN The Lighthouse 88.3 FM - Rockford, Illinois
https://www.streamcontrol.net:8444/s/15080
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Wisconsin Public Radio - WPR News Network
https://wpr-ice.streamguys1.com/wpr-ideas-mp3-64
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Wisconsin Public Radio - WPR Music Network
https://wpr-ice.streamguys1.com/wpr-music-mp3-96
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WJWD 90.3 FM - Calvary Radio - Marshall, Wisconsin
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WNIJ Public Radio 89.5 FM - DeKalb, Illinois
https://peace.streamguys1.com:6815/live-96k.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WNIJ Public Radio 89.5 FM - DeKalb, Illinois
https://peace.streamguys1.com:6815/live-96k.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WNIU Classical 90.5 FM - DeKalb, Illinois
https://peace.streamguys1.com:6845/live-128k.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Northern Illinois Radio Information Service - DeKalb, Illinois
https://peace.streamguys1.com:6845/niris_live_96k
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WMBI Moody Radio 90.1 FM - Chicago, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WMBIFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Majesty Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/IM_2.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Radio Moody (Español)
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WMBIAM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WNIU Classical 90.5 FM - DeKalb, Illinois
https://peace.streamguys1.com:6845/live-128k.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ K-LOVE Radio - Positive and Encouraging
https://maestro.emfcdn.com/stream_for/k-love/web/aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ K-LOVE Radio - Positive and Encouraging
https://maestro.emfcdn.com/stream_for/k-love/web/aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Rejoice Radio
http://cld2099ice.audiovideoweb.com:8000/4c3ice5521
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WFPS 92.1 FM - Kickin' Country K92 - Freeport, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WBEL The Beat 1380 AM / 92.3 FM / 98.9 FM - South Beloit, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,▶ K-LOVE Radio - Positive and Encouraging
https://maestro.emfcdn.com/stream_for/k-love/web/aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ KATF 92.9 Kat FM - Dubuque, Iowa
https://us9.maindigitalstream.com/ssl/katf
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WHJG Christian Radio 93.3 FM - Rockford, Illinois
https://ais-sa1.streamon.fm/7112_24k.aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WBGR The Big FM 93.7 - Monroe, Wisconsin
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WJJO Solid Rock 94.1 FM - Madison, Wisconsin
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WJJOFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Family Radio (East)
https://ais-sa3.cdnstream1.com/2640_64.aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WDKB 94.9 FM - DeKalb, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WDKBFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WRTB The Bull 95.3 FM - Rockford, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WRTBFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WSEY Sky 95.7 FM - Oregon, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WRCVFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WROK News Talk 1440 AM - Rockford, Illinois
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/townsquare-wrokammp3-ibc3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WKGL The Eagle 96.7 FM - Rockford, Illinois
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/townsquare-wkglfmmp3-ibc3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WZOK 97.5 FM - 97-ZOK - Rockford, Illinois
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/townsquare-wzokfmmp3-ibc3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WMGN Magic 98.1 FM - Madison, Wisconsin
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WMGNFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WXXQ Q98.5 - Rockford, Illinois
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/townsquare-wxxqfmmp3-ibc3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WTPB-LP Beautiful Music 99.3 FM - Rockford, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WJVL All The Best Country 99.9 FM - Janesville, Wisconsin
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/WJVL_MP3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WXRX-HD2 - 100 FM Rockford's Greatest Hits
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WXRXHD2.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WKKV V100.7 Jams - Milwaukee, Wisconsin
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc2673
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Milwaukee, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Air1 Radio
https://maestro.emfcdn.com/stream_for/air1/web/aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WIBA Classic Rock 101.5 FM - Madison, Wisconsin
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc3466
#EXTINF:-1,▶ W265CV U100.9 - Madison, Wisconsin
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc7273
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WRCV River Country 101.7 FM - Dixon, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WRCVFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WGEZ Iron Country 1490 AM/101.9 FM - Beloit, Wisconsin
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WQLF Music Radio Q102.1 FM - Freeport, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WYOT The Coyote 102.3 FM - Rochelle, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WNWC Life 102.5 FM - Madison, Wisconsin
http://nwmedia-wnwc-fm.streamguys.com/wnwc-fm
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WNWC Faith Radio 1190 AM/104.7 FM - Madison, Wisconsin
http://nwmedia-wnwc-am.streamguys.com:80/wnwc-am
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WHQG The Hog 102.9 FM - Milwaukee, Wisconsin
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/saga-whqgfmaac-ibc2
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Milwaukee, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WGFB 103.1 FM - b103 - Rockford, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WGFBFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Air1 Radio
https://maestro.emfcdn.com/stream_for/air1/web/aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ K-LOVE 90s Radio
https://maestro.emfcdn.com/stream_for/k-love-90s/web/aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ K-LOVE 2000s Radio
https://maestro.emfcdn.com/stream_for/k-love-2000s/web/aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WZEE Z-104.1 FM - Madison, Wisconsin
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc3506
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Classical Highlights
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc6377
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WSLD Country 104.5 FM - Whitewater, Wisconsin
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WXRX The X 104.9 FM - Rockford, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WXRXFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WXRX-HD2 - 100 FM Rockford's Greatest Hits
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WXRXHD2.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ VCY America Radio Network
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KVCXFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WZSR Star 105.5 FM - Crystal Lake, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WZSRFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WNIU Classical 90.5 FM - DeKalb, Illinois
https://peace.streamguys1.com:6845/live-128k.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WWHG The Hog 105.9 FM - Janesville, Wisconsin
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WYRB Power 106.3 FM - Rockford, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WYRBFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WSRB Chicago's R&B 106.3 FM - Lansing, Illinois
https://ais-sa8.cdnstream1.com/phvh2qaosfo/c2ebyqqdqjx
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WYCA Rejoice 102.3 FM - Crete, Illinois
https://ais-sa8.cdnstream1.com/pphmw4xd6g4/cq0clv82v6o
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WPPN Amor 106.7 FM - Chicago, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Moody Radio Network
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/MB2.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WSJY Your Variety Station 107.3 FM - Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/magnumbroadcasting-wsjyfmaac-ibc1
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WFAW 940 AM - Rock 96.1/101.1 - Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/magnumbroadcasting-wfawamaac-ibc1
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WKCH Klassic Country 106.5/94.7 - Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/magnumbroadcasting-wkchfmaac-ibc1
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WBKY Bucky Country 95.9 FM - Portage, Wisconsin
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/magnumbroadcasting-wbkyfmmp3-ibc1
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WLEY La Ley 107.9 FM - Chicago, Illinois
https://liveaudio.lamusica.com/CHI_WLEY_icy
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WSKQ La Mega 97.9 FM - Nueva York, Nueva York
https://liveaudio.lamusica.com/NY_WSKQ_icy
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ KZZ57 162.475 MHz - NOAA Weather Radio - Rockford, Illinois
https://radio.weatherusa.net/NWR/KZZ57.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WAUK 540 AM / The ‘Sha 101 FM - Milwaukee, Wisconsin
https://ice23.securenetsystems.net/WAUK
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Milwaukee, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WIND The Answer 560 AM - Chicago, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WINDAM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WILL Illinois Public Media 580 AM - Urbana, Illinois
https://icecast.will.illinois.edu/WILL-mp3-48
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Champaign, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WMT News Talk 600 AM - Cedar Rapids, Iowa
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc917
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Cedar Rapids, Iowa — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WTMJ Newsradio 620 AM/103.3 FM - Milwaukee, Wisconsin
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/goodkarma-wtmjamaac-ibc
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Milwaukee, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WSCR The Score 670 AM - Chicago, Illinois
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/audacy-wscramaac-imc
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Infinity Sports Network - USA
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/audacy-cbssportsaac-imc
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WGN Radio 720 AM - Chicago, Illinois
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/wgnam-wgnammp3-ibc2
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WSFI Catholic Radio 88.5 FM - Antioch, Illinois
https://s4.myradiostream.com/:8076/
#EXTINF:-1,▶ EWTN Catholic Radio
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WBBM Newsradio 780 AM & 105.9 FM - Chicago, Illinois
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/audacy-wbbmamaac-imc
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WCPT Progressive Talk 820 AM - Chicago, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WCPTAM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WLS 890 AM - Chicago, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WLSAM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Iowa Public Radio News
https://news-stream.iowapublicradio.org/News.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Relevant Radio Network - USA
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/RR_MAINAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WFAW 940 AM - Rock 96.1/101.1 - Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/magnumbroadcasting-wfawamaac-ibc1
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Wisconsin Public Radio - WPR News Network
https://wpr-ice.streamguys1.com/wpr-ideas-mp3-64
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WMVP 1000 AM - ESPN Chicago
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/goodkarma-wmvpamaac-ibc1
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WNVR Polskie Radio 1030 AM - Chicago, Illinois
https://secure1.reliastream.com/polskieradio/
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WHO NewsRadio 1040 AM - Des Moines, Iowa
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc925
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Des Moines, Iowa — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WRHL Super Hits 1060 AM/93.5 FM - Rochelle, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WTSO Fox Sports The Game 1070 AM - Madison, Wisconsin
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc3502
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ ESNE Radio Católica
https://s1.voscast.com:10601/xstream
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WISN News Talk 1130 AM - Milwaukee, Wisconsin
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc4245
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Milwaukee, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WYLL Hope for Your Life 1160 AM - Chicago, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WYLLAM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ TUDN Radio - Vivimos tu pasión
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WCLO News Talk 1230 AM/92.7 FM - Janesville, Wisconsin
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/WCLO-AM_MP3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WEKZ The Big Country 1260 AM - Monroe, Wisconsin
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WBIG The Big One 1280 AM - Aurora, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WIBA News Talk 1310 AM - Madison, Wisconsin
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc2661
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WNTA Sportsfan Radio 1330 AM - Rockford, Illinois
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WNTAAM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ FOX Sports Radio - USA
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc4732
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WLBK 1360 AM - DeKalb County Local News & Information
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WBEL The Beat 1380 AM / 92.3 FM / 98.9 FM - South Beloit, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WRMN News Talk 1410 AM - Elgin, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WROK News Talk 1440 AM - Rockford, Illinois
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/townsquare-wrokammp3-ibc3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WGEZ Iron Country 1490 AM/101.9 FM - Beloit, Wisconsin
#EXTINF:-1,▶ VCY America Radio Network
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KVCXFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WFRL Iron Country 1570 AM/104.3 FM - Freeport, Illinois
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Relevant Radio Network - USA
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/RR_MAINAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Milwaukee, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,▶ WOZN The Zone 96.7 FM/1670 AM - Madison, Wisconsin
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WOZNAM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1,▶ Infinity Sports Network - USA
https://live.amperwave.net/direct/audacy-cbssportsaac-imc
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Chicago, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Champaign, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Peoria, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Rockford, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Springfield, Illinois — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Milwaukee, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Madison, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Green Bay, Wisconsin — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Detroit, Michigan — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Grand Rapids, Michigan — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Cleveland, Ohio — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Indianapolis, Indiana — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Louisville, Kentucky — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Saint Louis, Missouri — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Kansas City, Missouri — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Des Moines, Iowa — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Minneapolis, Minnesota — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Washington, D.C. — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in New York, New York — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Boston, Massachusetts — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Charlotte, North Carolina — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Atlanta, Georgia — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Miami, Florida — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in New Orleans, Louisiana — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Dallas, Texas — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Houston, Texas — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Phoenix, Arizona — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Denver, Colorado — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Los Angeles, California — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in San Francisco, California — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Seattle, Washington — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Honolulu, Hawaii, Ka lēkiō i Honolulu, Hawaiʻi — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Toronto, Ontario, Canada — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Stations de radio à Montréal, Québec / Radio stations in Montreal, Quebec, Canada — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Emisoras de radio en la Ciudad de México / Radio stations in Mexico City — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Emisoras de radio en San Juan, Puerto Rico / Radio stations in San Juan, Puerto Rico — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Hamilton, Bermuda — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,תחנות רדיו בתל אביב, ישראל / Radio stations in Tel Aviv, Israel — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Delhi, India / भारत दिल्ली में रेडियो स्टेशनों — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,北京的广播电台 / Radio stations in Beijing, China — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,東京都のラジオ放送局 / Radio stations in Tokyo, Japan — World Radio Map
#EXTINF:-1,Radio stations in Sydney, New South Wales — World Radio Map
