#EXTINF:-1,Взрослое радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_vzros-med
#EXTINF:-1,Всемирное Одесское радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/world_odessa-med
#EXTINF:-1,Yoga Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/yogaradio_fm-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Background 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_ukbg-med
#EXTINF:-1,Liqui Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/liquidnb_ua-med
#EXTINF:-1,Фристайл Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/Fristajl-med
#EXTINF:-1,Радіо Українська Пісня Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/ukr_pisnya-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Sfera Music 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/sfera_music-med
#EXTINF:-1,Крым Точка Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/krym_tochka-med
#EXTINF:-1,Радио Dolce Vita 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_rddlc-med
#EXTINF:-1,Радіо з Криївки (RzK) Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/z_kryyivki-med
#EXTINF:-1,Скрябин Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/skryabin-med
#EXTINF:-1,Шансон Плюс Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/shanson_plus-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Respect 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/respect_com_ua-med
#EXTINF:-1,KEXXX FM Kiev Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/keksfm_kiev-med
#EXTINF:-1,Rock FM (Киев) Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_clsscrckua-med
#EXTINF:-1,София Ротару Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/sofia_rotaru-med
#EXTINF:-1,Trance Is Star Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/tranceisstar_com-med
#EXTINF:-1,Happy Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/happy_radio_ukr-med
#EXTINF:-1,Mousse Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/mjoy_mousse-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Skovoroda Music 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/skovoroda_music-med
#EXTINF:-1,Верка Cердючка Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/Verka_Serdjuchka-med
#EXTINF:-1,Християнське радіо Світанок Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/svitanok_ua-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio EgoЇсти 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/mjoy_egoradio-med
#EXTINF:-1,ВИА Гра Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/Viagra-med
#EXTINF:-1,Ани Лорак Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/Ani_Lorak-med
#EXTINF:-1,Kredens Cafe Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/mjoy_mmmkred-med
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Skovoroda Live 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/skovoroda_radio-med
#EXTINF:-1,Вопли Видоплясова Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/vopli_vv-med
#EXTINF:-1,Greatest Songs Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/mjoy_greatest-med
#EXTINF:-1,Lumix FM Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/lumix_fm-med
#EXTINF:-1,Таисия Повалий Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/taisiya_povaliy-med
#EXTINF:-1,Urban Space Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/mjoy_urbansr-med
#EXTINF:-1,ABN Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/abn_radio-med
#EXTINF:-1,SaFJEM Beats Радио 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_sfjembtsrd-med
#EXTINF:-1,Music History Radio 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/rad_mschistoryrd-med
#EXTINF:-1,RadioEx 
https://stream.pcradio.ru/radioex_in_ua-med
