#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana French
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-fr
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Spanish
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-es
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Chinese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-zh
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Ukrainian
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-uk
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Italiano
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-it
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Portuguese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-pt
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Arabic
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-ar
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Chinese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-zh
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana French
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-fr
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana German
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-de
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Hindi
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-hi
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Italiano
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-it
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Polish
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-pl
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Portuguese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-pt
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Russian
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-ru
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Spanish
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-es
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Ukrainian
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-uk
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vatikan - Hrvatski
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-hr
#EXTINF:-1,Vatican News - English
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-en
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana French
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-fr
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Spanish
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-es
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Chinese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-zh
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Ukrainian
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-uk
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Italiano
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-it
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Portuguese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-pt
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana French
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-fr
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Spanish
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-es
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Chinese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-zh
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Ukrainian
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-uk
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Italiano
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-it
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Portuguese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-pt
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana French
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-fr
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Spanish
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-es
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Chinese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-zh
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Ukrainian
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-uk
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Italiano
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-it
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Portuguese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-pt
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana French
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-fr
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Spanish
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-es
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Chinese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-zh
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Ukrainian
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-uk
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Italiano
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-it
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Vaticana Portuguese
https://radio.vaticannews.va/stream-pt
