#EXTINF:-1 , Friends Tamil MP3
https://usa15.fastcast4u.com/proxy/tammus00?mp=/1
#EXTINF:-1 , Lord Radio
http://procyon.shoutca.st:8719/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , SETTAI FM
https://stream.zeno.fm/b0qy1rp884zuv
#EXTINF:-1 , 2K Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/2KRADIO_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Anirudh Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/ANIRUDHRADIO_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , D Imman Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/IMMANRADIO_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Hariharan Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/HARIHARA_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Ilaya Ragam Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/ILAYARAGAM_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Isaignani Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/ISAIGNANIRADIO_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Kadhal Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KADHALRADIO_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Malaysia Vasudevan Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/MVASUDEVANRADIO_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Mohan Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/MOHANRADIO_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Naam Tamilar FM
http://songs.nagafm.com:8012/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Puradsifm 8D
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/PURADSIFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , RythmMixFm
https://rythmmixfm.radioca.st/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Shaivam Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SP_R2925215_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Tamil Beat Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/TAMILBEAT_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Tamil Hits Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/TAMIL_HITS_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Tamil Melody Radio
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/TAMIL_MELODY_S01.aac?dist=onlineradioeu
#EXTINF:-1 , Thennavan Tamil FM
http://192.99.58.30:8600/
#EXTINF:-1 , ULLasam FM
https://eu10.fastcast4u.com/ullasamfm
#EXTINF:-1 , Vanavilfm
https://s8.yesstreaming.net:17000/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Vizhi Fm
http://159.65.149.168:8008/
