#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Biff 88.1 FM Detroit
https://ice8.securenetsystems.net/WBFH
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Park 88.1 FM Detroit
https://www.liveradio.es/http://881thepark.pccsk12.com/wsdpradio
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WBFH 88.1 FM Detroit
https://www.liveradio.es/http://wbfh.tundracast.com/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Smile 88.1 FM Detroit
https://video1.getstreamhosting.com:8202/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Grizz 88.3 FM Detroit
https://www.liveradio.es/http://wxou.oakland.edu:8000/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WCBN 88.3 FM Detroit
https://www.liveradio.es/http://floyd.wcbn.org:8000/wcbn-hd.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WEMU 89.1 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WEMUFM_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WPHS 89.1 FM Detroit
https://www.liveradio.es/http://amber.streamguys.com:4210/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WHFR 89.3 FM Detroit
https://media.streambrothers.com:8012/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WAHS 89.5 FM Detroit
https://stream.zeno.fm/zqskaqq4dm8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WRCJ 90.9 FM Detroit
https://pnj-01.stream101.com:9035/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WGTE 91.3 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WGTEFM_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Michigan 91.7 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WUOMFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Mix 92.3 FM Detroit
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1149
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Patriot 92.7 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WDTKAMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Nash Icon 93.1 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WDRQHD2AAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio New Country 93.1 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WDRQFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WHMI 93.5 FM Detroit
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/WHMI-FM_MP3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Rewind 94.3 FM Detroit
https://live.wostreaming.net/direct/werw-werwfmmp3-ibc1
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WCSX 94.7 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WCSXFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Freedom 95.2 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WPBGHD3AAC_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Channel 95.5 FM Detroit
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1145
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WDVD 96.3 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WDVDFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WNUC 96.7 FM Detroit
https://relays.stream.creek.fm/wnuc
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Ticket 97.1 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WXYTFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WJLB 97.9 FM Detroit
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1141
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Alt 98.7 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WDZHFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Smooth Jazz V 98.7 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WDZHHD2AAC_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Wolf Picks 99.5 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WYCDHD2AAC_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WYCD 99.5 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WYCDFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Crossing 99.5 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WYCDHD3AAC_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WNIC 100.3 FM Detroit
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1153
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WRIF 101.1 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WRIFFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WDET 101.9 FM Detroit
https://wdet.streamguys1.com/live-aac2
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Light 103.5 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WMUZFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Oldies 104.3 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WOMCHD2AAC_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WOMC 104.3 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WOMCFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Bounce 105.1 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WMGCFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Kiss 105.9 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WDMKFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WLLZ 106.7 FM Detroit
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1137
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Hot 107.5 FM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WGPRFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WRDT 560 AM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WRDTAMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Victory 600 AM Detroit
https://ice23.securenetsystems.net/WSNL
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WNZK 690/680 AM Detroit
https://www.liveradio.es/http://wnzk.birach.com:9000/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WJR 760 AM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WJRAMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio ESPN Cleveland 850 AM Detroit
https://live.wostreaming.net/direct/goodkarma-wknramaac-ibc2
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WKAR 870 AM Detroit
https://streaming.wkar.msu.edu/wkar-am-mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WWJ 950 AM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WWJAMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Detroitâ€™s BIN 1130 AM Detroit
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1129
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WCXI 1160 AM Detroit
https://www.liveradio.es/http://wcxi.birach.com:9004/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WMUZ 1200 AM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WMUZAMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Bet 1270 AM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WXYTAMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio La Z 1310 AM Detroit
https://sh2.radioonlinehd.com:8050/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WCHB 1340 AM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WCHB_AMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WMKM 1440 AM Detroit
https://ic1.sslstream.com/wmkm-am
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WPON 1460 AM Detroit
https://www.liveradio.es/http://audio.birach.com:9010/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WSDS 1480 AM Detroit
https://s2.mexside.net/6022/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Faith 1500 AM Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WLQVAMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WAAM 1600 AM Detroit
https://ic2.sslstream.com/waam-am
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Classic Funk web Detroit
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc6955
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Funkytown web Detroit
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc6755
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sunny web Detroit
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc5014
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio TapDetroit web Detroit
https://www.liveradio.es/http://108.163.245.230:8031/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio We Are Channel Q web Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KAMPHD2AAC_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Praise Network web Detroit
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WDMKHD2AAC_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Family Life web Detroit
https://icecast.streammyflr.org/FLRstream
