#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KMSI 88.1 FM Moore
https://oasis.streamguys1.com/live-aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The House 88.5 FM Oklahoma City
https://klvv-thehouse.streamguys1.com/TheHouse64kAAC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sonlife 89.3 FM Oklahoma City
https://www.liveradio.es/http://peridot.streamguys.com:5930/wjfm
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KUCO 90.1 FM Edmond
https://kuco.streamguys1.com/live_acc
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio RadioU 90.5 FM Oklahoma City
https://s5.reliastream.com/proxy/live?mp=/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Spy 91.7 FM Stillwater
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOSUHD2AAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KOMA 92.5 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOMAFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Edge 92.5 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOMAHD2AAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Jake 93.3 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KJKEFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Ref 94.7 FM Oklahoma City
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1901
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio El Patron 94.7 FM Oklahoma City
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc6969
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KGWA 96.0 FM Oklahoma City
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/KGWA_MP3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KXY 96.1 FM Oklahoma City
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1917
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Alice 96.9 FM Enid
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KQOBFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Catholic 97.3 FM Blanchard
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/KKNG_MP3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WWLS 98.1 FM The Village
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WWLSAMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KISS 98.9 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KYISFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio UCentral 99.3 FM Edmond
https://kzuc-stream.uco.edu/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Hank 99.7 FM Oklahoma City
https://ice8.securenetsystems.net/KNAH
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KCCU 100.1 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KCCUFM.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The KATT 100.5 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KATTFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Gospel 101.5 FM Oklahoma City
https://thegospelstation.streamguys1.com/live
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Twister 101.9 FM Oklahoma City
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1913
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KJ103 102.7 FM Oklahoma City
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1905
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio V103 OKC 103.1 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOMAHD3AAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Power 103.5 FM Anadarko
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/KVSP_MP3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Magic 104.1 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KMGLFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KRXO 104.5 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KRXOHD2AAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio OKC'S CBS  105.3 FM Kingfisher
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/KINB-FM_MP3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Kool 105.5 FM Oklahoma City
https://ice42.securenetsystems.net/KWCOFM
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Ranch 105.5 FM Oklahoma City
https://ice8.securenetsystems.net/KWCOHD2
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KGOU 106.3 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KGOUFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio La Zeta 106.7 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KTUZFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KOUJ 107.1 FM Oklahoma City
https://ice41.securenetsystems.net/KOUJ
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Franchise 107.7 FM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KRXOFMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Exitos 96.5 OKC Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KRXOHD3AAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KRMG 740 AM Oklahoma City
https://cmg.streamguys1.com/tul1023/tul1023-tunein.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KSPI 780 AM Oklahoma City
https://ice42.securenetsystems.net/KSPI
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KTLR 890 AM Oklahoma City
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/KTLR_MP3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio WKY 930 AM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/WKYAMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KTOK 1000 AM Oklahoma City
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc1909
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Heart Soul 1140 AM Oklahoma City
https://crystalout.surfernetwork.com:8001/KRMP_MP3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KTLV 1220 AM Midwest City
https://www.liveradio.es/http://64.78.234.165:8000/KTLV
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Game 1340 AM Midwest City
https://stream.revma.ihrhls.com/zc3066
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KREF 1400 AM Norman
https://ice9.securenetsystems.net/KREF
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KZUE 1460 AM El Reno
https://www.liveradio.es/http://s4.viastreaming.net:9010/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KOKC 1520 AM Oklahoma City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOKCAMAAC.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio The Franchise 2 1560 AM Del City
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KEBCAMAAC.aac
