#EXTINF:-1 , Metropol FM
https://stream1.mfm.plexpark.com/radio/8000/simulcast-berlin-sd-64.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Al Madina FM
https://stream.almadinafm.com/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Süper 2 Fm
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SUPER2128AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Fame FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/lb/fame/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Pop90
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/POP90128AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Arabesk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/arabeskfm/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , JoyTurk Akustik
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC004_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Adana FM
https://host.onlineradyotv.net:2020/stream/adanafm
#EXTINF:-1 , Sawt Alshabab FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/sy/sawtalshababfm/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Mydonose Türk
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC016_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , JoyTurk Rock
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/JOYTURK_ROCK128AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Dejavu
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/dejavu/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Baska
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/BASKA128AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Efkar
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC008_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Türkçe Rap HipHop Radyo
https://stream.rcast.net/62128
#EXTINF:-1 , kemençefm.net
https://stream.radyosfer.com/radio/8150/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Karadeniz
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC005_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Tam 90 Imbat FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/tam90imbat/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Gönül Türküleri
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC020_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Damar Türk FM
https://live.radyositesihazir.com:10997/stream.nsv
#EXTINF:-1 , 92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Çeşme viking radio
https://ip169.ozelip.com/8432/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Banko
https://stream.netradyom.com/listen/radyobanko/radio.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Hevi
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr:10939/?1648035949562
#EXTINF:-1 , RadyoK Karadenizin Sesi
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/karadenizinsesi/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Number1 Türk Slow
https://n10101m.mediatriple.net/numberoneturkslow
#EXTINF:-1 , Gri Balkon
https://gribalkon.radioca.st/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , A Haber Radyo
https://trkvz-radyolar.ercdn.net/ahaberradyo/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Pal Alaturka
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/palalaturka/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Karadeniz Sesi Fm
https://radyo3.okeylisans.com/8008/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Turkuvaz Anadolu
https://trkvz-radyolar.ercdn.net/turkuvazanadolu/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 , Bodrum FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bodrum1017/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Tutak FM
https://radyo1.radyo-dinle.tc/8078/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Arabesk Radyo -Türkiye&amp#39nin En Koyu Arabesk Radyosu
https://dinle.arabeskradyo.biz/stream?type=http&ampnocache=5113
#EXTINF:-1 , Yol Arkadaşım
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC022_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Arabesk Türkiye
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/arabesktrkiye/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Arabesk Damar Fm
https://arabeskdamarfm.kesintisizyayin.com/9306/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Ezgi Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ezgi/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , NRG Türk Slow
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nrgturkslow/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Slow Karadeniz FM &ampamp TV
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/slowkaradeniz/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Bayrak Türk Müziği
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cy/bayraktrkmzii/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , TRD 4 Halk (Folk) – Türk Radyo Dünyası
https://live.streamlojik.com:8000/trd4.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Taverna
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/taverna/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Best Music Mix Türkçe Pop
https://stream.zeno.fm/bwf0pxdwm7zuv
#EXTINF:-1 , Arabesk Turk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/arabeskturkfm/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo gold
https://ssl120.radyotelekom.com.tr/8340/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Türkçe Remix
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/trkeremix/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , NRG Türk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nrgturk931/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Asima-Online
https://asima.out.airtime.pro/asima_a
#EXTINF:-1 , Emek Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/emek/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Mamas FM - Türkü Radyo
https://mamasfm.com:9984/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Eker Radyo
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr/8066/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Mamas FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/mamas/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Türkü FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/turku/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Metropol FM - Arabesk
https://stream1.mfm.plexpark.com/radio/8030/genre-arabesk-sd-64.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Arabesk Aski
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/arabeskaski/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Arabesk Alemi
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/arabeskalemi/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Kıyı Türkçe
https://kiyiturk.radioca.st/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Fon
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/fon1010/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Home - Pop Home
https://ssl4.radyotvonline.com/radyohome/pophome.stream_aac/playlist.m3u8
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/arabesk/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyom Arabesk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/arabesk/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , NRG Sezen Aksu
https://live.nrgplay.com/stream/sezenaksu
#EXTINF:-1 , Hamsi FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/hamsi/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 49
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo49/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Mega
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mega/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Cem Radyo
https://cemradyo.radyotvonline.net/cemradyo
#EXTINF:-1 , Efsane Sezen
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC015_SO1_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Hatay Dost Fm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/hataydostfm/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo N
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyon/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Moda
https://yayin.radyomoda.com.tr/1025/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 06
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo06/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Çorlu FM
https://ssl.radyosfer.com:7102//stream?icy=http
#EXTINF:-1 , Niğde FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nigde/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Kent Polatli
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/kentpolatli/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Silifke FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/silifke/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Wrong radyo MC Likya
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mcretrowrong/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Raks FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/raks/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Sakarya Radyo Mega
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/sakaryamega/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Ritim Alaturka
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ritimalaturka/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Hatay Asya Radyo
https://sslyayin.netyayin.net/9850/Asya
#EXTINF:-1 , Türkçe Play
https://ssl.radyopanel.com:7002/
#EXTINF:-1 , Karadeniz Akustik
https://karadenizakustik.radyotvonline.net/?type=http&ampnocache=3230
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Gözde
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/gozde896/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Strike
https://stream-59.zeno.fm/zbm72tcd2d0uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Dans Türk
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/DANSTURK_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Aktif
https://streamlive1.hearthis.at:8000/8956121.ogg?time=1649831987
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Yesil Mavi
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/yesilmavi/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Al-Balad 92.5 راديو البلد
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/jo/ammannet/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Esko Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/esko/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 2000
https://sslyayin.netyayin.net:10915/.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , General Fm
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr:10886/stream.nsv
#EXTINF:-1 , Yön Radyo Turku
https://stream.radyolarburada.com/radio/8050/yonturku
#EXTINF:-1 , Soft Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/softradio/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Wrong Damga TÜRK FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/wrongdamga/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Net Arabesk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radionetarabesk/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Yörük FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/yoruk/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , RadyoHome - Yıldızlar Makamı
https://ssl4.radyotvonline.com/radyohome/yildizlarmakami.stream_aac/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 , Megri FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/megri/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Fresh
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/fresh/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo MOD
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mod/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , T-Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/lb/tradyo/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Piramit FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/piramit/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Diva
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC015_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Hayat
https://sslyayin.radyoyayini.com:7059/i
#EXTINF:-1 , Türkiyem FM
https://server7.streamserver24.com:61468/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 3 HiLAL
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/3hilal/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 35
https://stream01.radyo35.com.tr/radyo35
#EXTINF:-1 , Deniz FM
https://denizfm.ozelip.com:8030/*.nsv
#EXTINF:-1 , Rose Red Fm
https://freeuk23.listen2myradio.com/live.mp3?typeportmount=s1_21646_stream_532874125
#EXTINF:-1 , TRD 1x Ekstra (Exstra) – Türk Radyo Dünyası
https://live.streamlojik.com:8000/trd1x.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Metropol FM - Top Hit
https://stream1.mfm.plexpark.com/radio/8040/genre-tophit-sd-64.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Non Stop Konya
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nonstopkonya/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Aktif Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/aktifradyo/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , NRG Türkçe Rap
https://live.nrgplay.com/stream/turkcerap
#EXTINF:-1 , Yön Radyo Alaturka
https://stream.radyolarburada.com/radio/8060/yonalaturca
#EXTINF:-1 , Mamas FM - Pop Radyosu
https://pop.mamasfm.com:4500/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Cesur FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cesur/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , TRD 1 – Türk Radyo Dünyası
https://live.streamlojik.com:8000/trd1.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Platin
https://live.radyositesihazir.com/7010/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Şerefem
https://streaming.radio.co/sfcd12e442/listen
#EXTINF:-1 , Büçek Karadeniz FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bucekkaradeniz/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Yildiz FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/yildiz990/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Hit FM - Artans
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/hitfmartans/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Nikomedya
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyonikomedya/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , bigFM SES
https://stream.bigfm.de/turkey/mp3-128/onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Şafak Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/shafak/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Arabesk
https://yayin.radyoarabesk.com.tr:8000/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Habaieb FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/qa/habaieb/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Demokrat FM
https://sonic.dcnet.com.tr/8078/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Egenin Sesi
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/egeninsesi/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Renk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/renk/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo EXTRA - Türkçe Müziğin Kalbi
https://dinle.radyoextra.com.tr/mp3/1/
#EXTINF:-1 , Azelya Radyo
https://ssl.radyosfer.com:17017/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio KralTürk
https://live.radyositesihazir.com/8032/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Gökkuşağı
https://rbx2.hnux.com/e11297.cloudrad.io:8050/
#EXTINF:-1 , Mega FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mega1065/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Mamas FM - Türk sanat müziği
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/mamasturksanatmuzigi/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Türkiyem
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/turkiyem/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Global 94.5 FM
http://stream.joinvisions.net:1935/live/global/chunklist_w450577882.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Net Love
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/netlove/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Nostalji Keyif Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nostaljikeyif/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Sohbet
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/sohbet/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Kampüsün Sesi Almanya
https://thevoice.80.yayin.com.tr/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Made In Turkey
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/392/stream/1631
#EXTINF:-1 , Evrensel FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/evrensel/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Değişim Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/degisim/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Mercan FM
https://ip169.ozelip.com:10975/stream.nsv&amptype=mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Renk Fm
https://radyo.yayindakiler.com:3016/renk
#EXTINF:-1 , Botan FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/botan/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , İzmxFM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/izmx/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio T
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ro/t/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Yön Radyo Anatolia
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ynradyoanatolia/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Cosmo - Köln Radyosu
https://fhe-lh.akamaihd.net/i/wdr_fheeinzel6n1@379044/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Cem 95.5 Mhz.
https://erzincan.80.yayin.com.tr/stream/1/?icy=http
#EXTINF:-1 , AS Radyo
https://ip132.ozelip.com:7030/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 8
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr:10903/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Deniz Hollanda
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/nl/denizhollanda/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Pop Türkçe
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/poptrke/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Bora
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bora920/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Gökçam
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/gokcam/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 47
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo47/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Gelibolu
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/gelibolu/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Sultan
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/sultan945/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo AVRUPA Hip-hop
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/radyoavrupahiphop/play?platform=web
https://wowza1.radyotvonline.com/shoutcast/radyohayat.stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 , Taverna Fm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/tavernafm/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Filiz FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/filiz/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Reworkdi Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/reworkdi/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Cool
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cy/cool/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Haber Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/haber1035/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo AVRUPA Halk müziği
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/avrupahalkmuzigi/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , RadyoGri
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/gri/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Metronom
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/metronom/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Ünyeflash FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/unyeflash/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Talya
https://ip157.ozelip.com/8012/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Tiryaki FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/tiryaki/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Baba
https://eu2.fastcast4u.com/proxy/radiobaba_nbg?mp=/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 16
https://radyo.yayin.com.tr:6038/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , EsasFm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/esas/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Mega Radio London
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/megalondon/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , JAM FM Türk
https://stream.jam.fm/turk/mp3-192/onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Soğuksu Radyo
http://soguksufm.com/CanliDinle.aspx
#EXTINF:-1 , Reklamsız Radyo Slow
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/reklamszslow/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Cep Fm - Emre Önbayraktar
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepemreonbayraktar/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 75
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr/8126/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo SU
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/su922/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Büçek Türk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bucekturk/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Stambooli - 33med-Beirut
https://stream.zeno.fm/cgu0mqwq3ehvv
#EXTINF:-1 , Biga FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/biga/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Karma Türk
https://yayin.radyomadyo.com:8006/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Siir FM
https://siirfm.stream.laut.fm/siirfm
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Zahle
https://radioz.radioca.st/radioz.mp3?ver=134812
#EXTINF:-1 , Turkuvaz Efsane
https://trkvz-radyolar.ercdn.net/turkuvazefsane/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 , NKÜ Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nku/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Cep Fm - Cengiz İmren
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepcengizimren/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Star Türk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyostar/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , RadyoKazan
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/kazan/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , TR Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/trradyo/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Bizim FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bizim/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Flaş
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/flas/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Bir
https://canli.radyobir.com.tr:7002/stream/1
#EXTINF:-1 , Düziçi FM
https://sp.radyotescil.com/8020/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Barış FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/baris/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Love Radio - Turkish
https://drive.uber.radio/uber/lrturkish/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Bozkurt
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bozkurt/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Cep Fm - Erol Budan
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ceperoibudan/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Tutkal
https://live.radyositesihazir.com/8034/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Hazanyeli̇fm
https://ssl157.ozelip.com/asistan/stream/69d7ee43a30dfaa25576bdeabec9d040
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Şirin
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyosirin/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Ortaca FM 
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ortaca896/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Arabeskinsesi FM
https://sp.radyotescil.com/8042/stream
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fi/hamsi/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Çan Radyo
https://ssl.radyosfer.com/canfm/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Karaman Radyo
https://sp.radyotescil.com:7016/
#EXTINF:-1 , Cep Fm - Yaşar Kurt
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepyasarkurt/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Senfoni FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/senfoni/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Cep Fm - Hilary Kole
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cephilarykole/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Cep Fm - Emirhan Kartal
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepemirhankartal/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Highway Outlet
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/highwayoutlet/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Home - SlowHome
https://ssl4.radyotvonline.com/radyohome/slowhome.stream_aac/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Kulu
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/kulu/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , BamteliFM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bamteli/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Deva
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/deva/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Call Center
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/callcenter/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Metropol FM - KEYF
https://stream2.mfm.plexpark.com/radio/8040/genre-keyf-sd-64.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 13
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo13/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo 9
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo9/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Mutlu FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mutlu989/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Magic FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/magic/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Esenler
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/esenler/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Kent Radyo 98.5
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr:10906/listen.pls?sid=1
#EXTINF:-1 , Paris İmparator FM (PIMG RADIO)
https://stream.appsidious.com/?radio_id=23&ampstream_id=5bae624baa2a9
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Başkent
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/baskent/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Giresun FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/giresun1027/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Anadolu Fm
https://radyo.yayindakiler.com:8022//stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Büçek Halk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bucekhalk/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Radyo Kulüp
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/kulup955/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , GÖKSUN Fm
https://sslyayin.netyayin.net:10970/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Metropol FM - PopSlow
https://stream2.mfm.plexpark.com/radio/8050/genre-popslow-sd-64.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , S4-Radio | TR
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ch/s4radiotr/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Arabesk Vadisi
https://arabeskv.80.yayin.com.tr/
#EXTINF:-1 , Yunus FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/yunus/play?platform=web
