Beatles Radio
https://streaming.shoutcast.com/beatles-radio
Exclusively Adele
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/adele/icecast.audio
Polskie Radio Pink Floyd
https://stream85.polskieradio.pl/omniaaxe/k46.stream/playlist.m3u8
Polskie Radio Led Zeppelin
https://stream85.polskieradio.pl/omniaaxe/k45.stream/playlist.m3u8
Exclusively Pink Floyd
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/pinkfloyd/icecast.audio
80s80s Depeche Mode
https://80s80s.hoerradar.de/80s80s-dm-mp3-hq
Virgin Radio Music Star Roger Waters Pink Floyd
https://icy.unitedradio.it/VirginRogerWaters.mp3
Vagalume.FM - O Melhor de Bob Marley
https://stream.vagalume.fm/hls/1524167056721891/aac.m3u8
Crooner Radio Frank Sinatra
https://direct.croonerradio.fr/croonerradio-franksinatra-midfi.mp3
Exclusively The Beatles
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/beatles/icecast.audio
Exclusively Bob Marley
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/bobmarley/icecast.audio
Exclusively Queen
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/queen/icecast.audio
181.FM Beatles
https://listen.181fm.com/181-beatles_128k.mp3
80s80s  Michael Jackson
https://80s80s.hoerradar.de/80s80s-micjac-mp3-hq
Beatles-A-Rama!!!
https://streamdb6web.securenetsystems.net/cirruscontent/BAR
Vagalume.FM - O Melhor de Pink Floyd
https://stream.vagalume.fm/hls/1498583990653093/aac.m3u8
Exclusively Frank Sinatra
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/franksinatra/icecast.audio
Heart Beat Radio - Beatle Radio!
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/beatle/play?platform=web
Radio PSR 80er
https://streams.radiopsr.de/psr-80er/mp3-192/onlineradiobox/
Virgin Radio Music Star Coldplay
https://icy.unitedradio.it/ColdPlay.mp3
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Exclusively Frank Sinatra
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/franksinatra/icecast.audio
Exclusively Rolling Stones
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/rollingstones/icecast.audio
The Rat Pack
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/theratpack/play?platform=web
Exclusively Coldplay
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/coldplay/icecast.audio
Depeche Mode Radio
https://c2.radioboss.fm:18494/stream
Vagalume.FM - O Melhor de The Beatles
https://stream.vagalume.fm/hls/1497301149923842/aac.m3u8
R.SA – Das Beatles Radio
https://streams.rsa-sachsen.de/rsa-beatles/aac-64/onlineradiobox/
Web Rádio Michael Jackson
https://hts02.kshost.com.br:8062/live
Precious Radio Pop
https://preciousradio.net/proxy/pop/stream
Radio RMF - Michael Jackson
https://rs8-krk2-cyfronet.rmfstream.pl/MICHALEJACKSON
Radio RMF - Depeche Mode
https://rs8-krk2-cyfronet.rmfstream.pl/DEPECHEMODE
Exclusively Depeche Mode
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/depechemode/icecast.audio
Mersey Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/mersey/play?platform=web
Yimago Lite Rock (Planet Earth&amp;#39;s Best Music)
https://yimago.torontocast.stream/pop
Radio RMF - Queen
https://rs102-krk-cyfronet.rmfstream.pl/QUEEN
24/7 MJ Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/us5et3sns0hvv
M Radio Celine Dion
https://mfmwr-023.ice.infomaniak.ch/mfmwr-023.mp3
Radio Обозреватель - Queen
https://radio-stream-2.obozrevatel.com/queen128.mp3
NRG Bob Marley
https://live.nrgplay.com/stream/bobmarley
Radio Open FM - 100% Queen
https://stream.open.fm/185
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
MORE Океан  Ельзи
https://cast.more.fm:8444/oe
Exclusively Celine Dion
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/celinedion/icecast.audio
Radio RMF- Beatlemania
https://rs201-krk-cyfronet.rmfstream.pl/BEATLEMANIA
Nostalgie Johnny Hallyday
https://streamingp.shoutcast.com/NostalgieJohnnyHallyday-aac
Vagalume.FM - O Melhor de Michael Jackson
https://stream.vagalume.fm/hls/1498504131678502/aac.m3u8
M Radio Johnny
https://mfmwr-006.ice.infomaniak.ch/mfmwr-006.mp3
Exclusively David Bowie
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/davidbowie/icecast.audio
Vagalume.FM - O Melhor de Beyoncé
https://stream.vagalume.fm/hls/1524166820939567/aac.m3u8
NRG Michael Jackson
https://live.nrgplay.com/stream/michaeljackson
Radio Обозреватель - Depeche Mode
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/depechemode128.mp3
More Depeche
https://cast.more.fm:8444/dm
Movies Broadway Singers and Beyond
https://streaming.live365.com/a41788
Exclusively Beyonce
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/er/beyonce/icecast.audio
Radio Обозреватель - Океан Эльзы
https://radio-stream-1.obozrevatel.com/okeanelzy128.mp3
Depeche Mode In The Mix | Toneart
https://stream2.radiodienst.de/proxy/toneart/depechemodeinthemix
Radio Open FM - 100% Depeche Mode
https://stream.open.fm/135
Vagalume.FM - O Melhor de Queen
https://stream.vagalume.fm/hls/1498761012966340/aac.m3u8
M Radio - Voix Féminines
https://mfmwr-013.ice.infomaniak.ch/mfmwr-013.mp3
80s80s Queen
https://80s80s.hoerradar.de/80s80s-queen-mp3-hq
NRJ David Guetta
https://scdn.nrjaudio.fm/audio1/fr/31053/mp3_128.mp3?origine=radiobox
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
MJJCommunity Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/king/play?platform=web
Radio Bob! BOBs Queen-Stream
https://streams.radiobob.de/bob-queen/mp3-128/onlineradiobox/
MJTunes - Michael Jackson Radio
https://stream.zeno.fm/zzc8g0hd9e9uv
MopTop Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/moptop/play?platform=web
REGENBOGEN 2 – Beatles
https://stream.regenbogen2.de/beatles/mp3-128/onlineradiobox
Radio Beatles
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/dk/beatles/play?platform=web
Easy Frank Sinatra
https://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyfranksinatra/icecast.audio
100% Johnny
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/330148/stream/383350
Michael Jackson - Radio Unbreakable
https://streaming.shoutcast.com/MichaelJackson-RadioUnbreakable-Umjp
Planet Beyoncé Radio
https://mp3.planetradio.de/plrchannels/hqstars17.aac
Planet David Guetta Radio
https://mp3.planetradio.de/plrchannels/hqstars07.aac
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
