Metropol FM
https://stream1.mfm.plexpark.com/radio/8000/simulcast-berlin-sd-64.aac
Al Madina FM
https://stream.almadinafm.com/;stream.mp3
Süper 2 Fm
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SUPER2128AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Fame FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/lb/fame/play?platform=web
Pop90
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/POP90128AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Arabesk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/arabeskfm/play?platform=web
JoyTurk Akustik
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC004_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Adana FM
https://host.onlineradyotv.net:2020/stream/adanafm
Sawt Alshabab FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/sy/sawtalshababfm/play?platform=web
Mydonose Türk
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC016_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
JoyTurk Rock
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/JOYTURK_ROCK128AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radyo Dejavu
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/dejavu/play?platform=web
Baska
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/BASKA128AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Efkar
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC008_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Türkçe Rap HipHop Radyo
https://stream.rcast.net/62128
kemençefm.net
https://stream.radyosfer.com/radio/8150/stream
Radio Karadeniz
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC005_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Tam 90 Imbat FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/tam90imbat/play?platform=web
Gönül Türküleri
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC020_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Damar Türk FM
https://live.radyositesihazir.com:10997/;stream.nsv
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Çeşme viking radio
https://ip169.ozelip.com/8432/stream
Radyo Banko
https://stream.netradyom.com/listen/radyobanko/radio.mp3
Radyo Hevi
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr:10939/;?1648035949562
RadyoK Karadenizin Sesi
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/karadenizinsesi/play?platform=web
Number1 Türk Slow
https://n10101m.mediatriple.net/numberoneturkslow
Gri Balkon
https://gribalkon.radioca.st/stream
A Haber Radyo
https://trkvz-radyolar.ercdn.net/ahaberradyo/playlist.m3u8
Radyo Pal Alaturka
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/palalaturka/play?platform=web
Karadeniz Sesi Fm
https://radyo3.okeylisans.com/8008/stream
Turkuvaz Anadolu
https://trkvz-radyolar.ercdn.net/turkuvazanadolu/playlist.m3u8
Bodrum FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bodrum1017/play?platform=web
Tutak FM
https://radyo1.radyo-dinle.tc/8078/stream
Arabesk Radyo -Türkiye&amp;#39;nin En Koyu Arabesk Radyosu
https://dinle.arabeskradyo.biz/stream?type=http&amp;nocache=5113
Yol Arkadaşım
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC022_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Arabesk Türkiye
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/arabesktrkiye/play?platform=web
Arabesk Damar Fm
https://arabeskdamarfm.kesintisizyayin.com/9306/stream
Ezgi Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ezgi/play?platform=web
NRG Türk Slow
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nrgturkslow/play?platform=web
Slow Karadeniz FM &amp;amp; TV
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/slowkaradeniz/play?platform=web
Bayrak Türk Müziği
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cy/bayraktrkmzii/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
TRD 4 Halk (Folk) – Türk Radyo Dünyası
https://live.streamlojik.com:8000/trd4.aac
Radyo Taverna
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/taverna/play?platform=web
Bayrak Türk Müziği
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cy/bayraktrkmzii/play?platform=web
Best Music Mix Türkçe Pop
https://stream.zeno.fm/bwf0pxdwm7zuv
Arabesk Turk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/arabeskturkfm/play?platform=web
Radyo gold
https://ssl120.radyotelekom.com.tr/8340/stream
Türkçe Remix
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/trkeremix/play?platform=web
NRG Türk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nrgturk931/play?platform=web
Asima-Online
https://asima.out.airtime.pro/asima_a
Emek Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/emek/play?platform=web
Mamas FM - Türkü Radyo
https://mamasfm.com:9984/stream.mp3
Eker Radyo
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr/8066/stream
Mamas FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/mamas/play?platform=web
Türkü FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/turku/play?platform=web
Metropol FM - Arabesk
https://stream1.mfm.plexpark.com/radio/8030/genre-arabesk-sd-64.aac
Arabesk Aski
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/arabeskaski/play?platform=web
Arabesk Alemi
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/arabeskalemi/play?platform=web
Kıyı Türkçe
https://kiyiturk.radioca.st/stream
Radyo Fon
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/fon1010/play?platform=web
Radyo Home - Pop Home
https://ssl4.radyotvonline.com/radyohome/pophome.stream_aac/playlist.m3u8
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Arabesk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/arabesk/play?platform=web
Radyo Home - Pop Home
https://ssl4.radyotvonline.com/radyohome/pophome.stream_aac/playlist.m3u8
Radyom Arabesk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/arabesk/play?platform=web
NRG Sezen Aksu
https://live.nrgplay.com/stream/sezenaksu
Hamsi FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/hamsi/play?platform=web
Radyo 49
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo49/play?platform=web
Radyo Mega
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mega/play?platform=web
Cem Radyo
https://cemradyo.radyotvonline.net/cemradyo
Efsane Sezen
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC015_SO1_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Hatay Dost Fm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/hataydostfm/play?platform=web
Radyo N
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyon/play?platform=web
Radyo Moda
https://yayin.radyomoda.com.tr/1025/;stream
Radyo 06
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo06/play?platform=web
Çorlu FM
https://ssl.radyosfer.com:7102/;/stream?icy=http
Niğde FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nigde/play?platform=web
Radyo Kent Polatli
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/kentpolatli/play?platform=web
Silifke FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/silifke/play?platform=web
Wrong radyo MC Likya
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mcretrowrong/play?platform=web
Raks FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/raks/play?platform=web
Sakarya Radyo Mega
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/sakaryamega/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radyo Kent Polatli
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/kentpolatli/play?platform=web
Sakarya Radyo Mega
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/sakaryamega/play?platform=web
Ritim Alaturka
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ritimalaturka/play?platform=web
Hatay Asya Radyo
https://sslyayin.netyayin.net/9850/Asya
Türkçe Play
https://ssl.radyopanel.com:7002/;
Karadeniz Akustik
https://karadenizakustik.radyotvonline.net/;?type=http&amp;nocache=3230
Radyo Gözde
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/gozde896/play?platform=web
Radio Strike
https://stream-59.zeno.fm/zbm72tcd2d0uv
Dans Türk
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/DANSTURK_SC?dist=onlineradiobox
Radyo Aktif
https://streamlive1.hearthis.at:8000/8956121.ogg?time=1649831987
Radyo Yesil Mavi
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/yesilmavi/play?platform=web
Radio Al-Balad 92.5 راديو البلد
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/jo/ammannet/play?platform=web
Esko Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/esko/play?platform=web
Radyo 2000
https://sslyayin.netyayin.net:10915/;.mp3
General Fm
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr:10886/;stream.nsv
Yön Radyo Turku
https://stream.radyolarburada.com/radio/8050/yonturku
Soft Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/softradio/play?platform=web
Wrong Damga TÜRK FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/wrongdamga/play?platform=web
Radio Net Arabesk
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radionetarabesk/play?platform=web
Yörük FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/yoruk/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Soft Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/softradio/play?platform=web
RadyoHome - Yıldızlar Makamı
https://ssl4.radyotvonline.com/radyohome/yildizlarmakami.stream_aac/playlist.m3u8
Megri FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/megri/play?platform=web
Radyo Fresh
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/fresh/play?platform=web
Radyo MOD
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mod/play?platform=web
T-Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/lb/tradyo/play?platform=web
Piramit FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/piramit/play?platform=web
Diva
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SC015_SO1AAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radyo Hayat
https://sslyayin.radyoyayini.com:7059/i
Türkiyem FM
https://server7.streamserver24.com:61468/stream
Radyo 3 HiLAL
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/3hilal/play?platform=web
Radyo 35
https://stream01.radyo35.com.tr/radyo35
Deniz FM
https://denizfm.ozelip.com:8030/;*.nsv
Rose Red Fm
https://freeuk23.listen2myradio.com/live.mp3?typeportmount=s1_21646_stream_532874125
TRD 1x Ekstra (Exstra) – Türk Radyo Dünyası
https://live.streamlojik.com:8000/trd1x.aac
Metropol FM - Top Hit
https://stream1.mfm.plexpark.com/radio/8040/genre-tophit-sd-64.aac
Non Stop Konya
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nonstopkonya/play?platform=web
Aktif Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/aktifradyo/play?platform=web
NRG Türkçe Rap
https://live.nrgplay.com/stream/turkcerap
Yön Radyo Alaturka
https://stream.radyolarburada.com/radio/8060/yonalaturca
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Yön Radyo Alaturka
https://stream.radyolarburada.com/radio/8060/yonalaturca
Radyo MOD
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mod/play?platform=web
Mamas FM - Pop Radyosu
https://pop.mamasfm.com:4500/stream.mp3
Cesur FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cesur/play?platform=web
TRD 1 – Türk Radyo Dünyası
https://live.streamlojik.com:8000/trd1.aac
Radyo Platin
https://live.radyositesihazir.com/7010/stream
Radyo Şerefem
https://streaming.radio.co/sfcd12e442/listen
Büçek Karadeniz FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bucekkaradeniz/play?platform=web
Yildiz FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/yildiz990/play?platform=web
Hit FM - Artans
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/hitfmartans/play?platform=web
Radyo Nikomedya
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyonikomedya/play?platform=web
bigFM SES
https://stream.bigfm.de/turkey/mp3-128/onlineradiobox
Şafak Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/shafak/play?platform=web
Radyo Arabesk
https://yayin.radyoarabesk.com.tr:8000/stream
Habaieb FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/qa/habaieb/play?platform=web
Demokrat FM
https://sonic.dcnet.com.tr/8078/stream
Radyo Egenin Sesi
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/egeninsesi/play?platform=web
Renk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/renk/play?platform=web
Radyo EXTRA - Türkçe Müziğin Kalbi
https://dinle.radyoextra.com.tr/mp3/1/
Azelya Radyo
https://ssl.radyosfer.com:17017/stream
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Şafak Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/shafak/play?platform=web
Büçek Karadeniz FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bucekkaradeniz/play?platform=web
Demokrat FM
https://sonic.dcnet.com.tr/8078/stream
Radyo Platin
https://live.radyositesihazir.com/7010/stream
Cesur FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cesur/play?platform=web
Habaieb FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/qa/habaieb/play?platform=web
Radyo Nikomedya
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyonikomedya/play?platform=web
Radio KralTürk
https://live.radyositesihazir.com/8032/stream
Radyo Gökkuşağı
https://rbx2.hnux.com/e11297.cloudrad.io:8050/;
Mega FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mega1065/play?platform=web
Mamas FM - Türk sanat müziği
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/mamasturksanatmuzigi/play?platform=web
Radyo Türkiyem
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/turkiyem/play?platform=web
Global 94.5 FM
http://stream.joinvisions.net:1935/live/global/chunklist_w450577882.m3u8
Radio Net Love
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/netlove/play?platform=web
Nostalji Keyif Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nostaljikeyif/play?platform=web
Radyo Sohbet
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/sohbet/play?platform=web
Radyo Kampüsün Sesi Almanya
https://thevoice.80.yayin.com.tr/;
Radio Made In Turkey
https://listen.radioking.com/radio/392/stream/1631
Evrensel FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/evrensel/play?platform=web
Değişim Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/degisim/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radyo Türkiyem
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/turkiyem/play?platform=web
Global 94.5 FM
http://stream.joinvisions.net:1935/live/global/chunklist_w450577882.m3u8
Radio KralTürk
https://live.radyositesihazir.com/8032/stream
Mercan FM
https://ip169.ozelip.com:10975/;stream.nsv&amp;type=mp3
Radyo Renk Fm
https://radyo.yayindakiler.com:3016/renk
Botan FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/botan/play?platform=web
Radyo Gökkuşağı
https://rbx2.hnux.com/e11297.cloudrad.io:8050/;
İzmxFM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/izmx/play?platform=web
Evrensel FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/evrensel/play?platform=web
Radio T
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ro/t/play?platform=web
Yön Radyo Anatolia
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ynradyoanatolia/play?platform=web
Cosmo - Köln Radyosu
https://fhe-lh.akamaihd.net/i/wdr_fheeinzel6n1@379044/master.m3u8
Radyo Cem 95.5 Mhz.
https://erzincan.80.yayin.com.tr/stream/1/?icy=http
AS Radyo
https://ip132.ozelip.com:7030/stream
Radyo 8
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr:10903/;
Radyo Deniz Hollanda
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/nl/denizhollanda/play?platform=web
Radyo Pop Türkçe
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/poptrke/play?platform=web
Radyo Bora
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bora920/play?platform=web
Radyo Gökçam
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/gokcam/play?platform=web
Radyo 47
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo47/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radyo Gelibolu
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/gelibolu/play?platform=web
Radyo Sultan
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/sultan945/play?platform=web
AS Radyo
https://ip132.ozelip.com:7030/stream
Radyo Cem 95.5 Mhz.
https://erzincan.80.yayin.com.tr/stream/1/?icy=http
Yön Radyo Anatolia
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ynradyoanatolia/play?platform=web
Radyo AVRUPA Hip-hop
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/radyoavrupahiphop/play?platform=web
Radyo Hayat
https://wowza1.radyotvonline.com/shoutcast/radyohayat.stream/playlist.m3u8
Taverna Fm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/tavernafm/play?platform=web
Radio T
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ro/t/play?platform=web
Filiz FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/filiz/play?platform=web
Radyo Pop Türkçe
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/poptrke/play?platform=web
Radyo Gökçam
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/gokcam/play?platform=web
Reworkdi Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/reworkdi/play?platform=web
Radyo 8
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr:10903/;
Radyo Cool
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cy/cool/play?platform=web
Haber Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/haber1035/play?platform=web
Cosmo - Köln Radyosu
https://fhe-lh.akamaihd.net/i/wdr_fheeinzel6n1@379044/master.m3u8
Radyo AVRUPA Halk müziği
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/avrupahalkmuzigi/play?platform=web
RadyoGri
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/gri/play?platform=web
Radyo Metronom
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/metronom/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Ünyeflash FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/unyeflash/play?platform=web
Radyo AVRUPA Hip-hop
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/radyoavrupahiphop/play?platform=web
Radyo Gelibolu
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/gelibolu/play?platform=web
Radyo Cool
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cy/cool/play?platform=web
Radyo Talya
https://ip157.ozelip.com/8012/stream
Radyo 47
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo47/play?platform=web
Tiryaki FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/tiryaki/play?platform=web
AS Radyo
https://ip132.ozelip.com:7030/stream
Radyo Cem 95.5 Mhz.
https://erzincan.80.yayin.com.tr/stream/1/?icy=http
Radio Baba
https://eu2.fastcast4u.com/proxy/radiobaba_nbg?mp=/;
Radyo 16
https://radyo.yayin.com.tr:6038/stream
EsasFm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/esas/play?platform=web
Mega Radio London
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/uk/megalondon/play?platform=web
JAM FM Türk
https://stream.jam.fm/turk/mp3-192/onlineradiobox
Soğuksu Radyo
http://soguksufm.com/CanliDinle.aspx
Reklamsız Radyo Slow
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/reklamszslow/play?platform=web
Cep Fm - Emre Önbayraktar
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepemreonbayraktar/play?platform=web
Radyo 75
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr/8126/stream
Radyo SU
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/su922/play?platform=web
Büçek Türk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bucekturk/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Stambooli - 33med-Beirut
https://stream.zeno.fm/cgu0mqwq3ehvv
Biga FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/biga/play?platform=web
Karma Türk
https://yayin.radyomadyo.com:8006/stream
Siir FM
https://siirfm.stream.laut.fm/siirfm
Eker Radyo
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr/8066/stream
Radio Zahle
https://radioz.radioca.st/radioz.mp3?ver=134812
Turkuvaz Efsane
https://trkvz-radyolar.ercdn.net/turkuvazefsane/playlist.m3u8
NKÜ Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nku/play?platform=web
Soğuksu Radyo
http://soguksufm.com/CanliDinle.aspx
Cep Fm - Cengiz İmren
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepcengizimren/play?platform=web
JAM FM Türk
https://stream.jam.fm/turk/mp3-192/onlineradiobox
Star Türk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyostar/play?platform=web
RadyoKazan
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/kazan/play?platform=web
TR Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/trradyo/play?platform=web
Radyo 75
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr/8126/stream
Radyo Bizim FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bizim/play?platform=web
Radyo Flaş
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/flas/play?platform=web
Radyo Bir
https://canli.radyobir.com.tr:7002/;stream/1
Düziçi FM
https://sp.radyotescil.com/8020/stream
Barış FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/baris/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Siir FM
https://siirfm.stream.laut.fm/siirfm
Karma Türk
https://yayin.radyomadyo.com:8006/stream
Biga FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/biga/play?platform=web
Stambooli - 33med-Beirut
https://stream.zeno.fm/cgu0mqwq3ehvv
Radyo Bir
https://canli.radyobir.com.tr:7002/;stream/1
Love Radio - Turkish
https://drive.uber.radio/uber/lrturkish/icecast.audio
Radyo Bozkurt
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bozkurt/play?platform=web
Radyo 75
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr/8126/stream
Cep Fm - Erol Budan
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ceperoibudan/play?platform=web
Radyo Tutkal
https://live.radyositesihazir.com/8034/stream
Hazanyeli̇fm
https://ssl157.ozelip.com/asistan/stream/69d7ee43a30dfaa25576bdeabec9d040
Radyo Şirin
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyosirin/play?platform=web
Ortaca FM 
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ortaca896/play?platform=web
Arabeskinsesi FM
https://sp.radyotescil.com/8042/stream
JAM FM Türk
https://stream.jam.fm/turk/mp3-192/onlineradiobox
Hamsi FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/fi/hamsi/play?platform=web
Çan Radyo
https://ssl.radyosfer.com/canfm/stream
Karaman Radyo
https://sp.radyotescil.com:7016/;
Büçek Türk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bucekturk/play?platform=web
Cep Fm - Emre Önbayraktar
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepemreonbayraktar/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Cep Fm - Yaşar Kurt
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepyasarkurt/play?platform=web
Senfoni FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/senfoni/play?platform=web
Cep Fm - Hilary Kole
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cephilarykole/play?platform=web
Cep Fm - Emirhan Kartal
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepemirhankartal/play?platform=web
NKÜ Radyo
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/nku/play?platform=web
RadyoKazan
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/kazan/play?platform=web
Highway Outlet
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/highwayoutlet/play?platform=web
Radyo Home - SlowHome
https://ssl4.radyotvonline.com/radyohome/slowhome.stream_aac/playlist.m3u8
Radyo Kulu
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/de/kulu/play?platform=web
Soğuksu Radyo
http://soguksufm.com/CanliDinle.aspx
Radyo SU
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/su922/play?platform=web
BamteliFM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bamteli/play?platform=web
Radyo Deva
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/deva/play?platform=web
Radyo Call Center
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/callcenter/play?platform=web
EsasFm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/esas/play?platform=web
Love Radio - Turkish
https://drive.uber.radio/uber/lrturkish/icecast.audio
Metropol FM - KEYF
https://stream2.mfm.plexpark.com/radio/8040/genre-keyf-sd-64.aac
Radyo 13
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo13/play?platform=web
Radyo Tutkal
https://live.radyositesihazir.com/8034/stream
Radyo 9
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo9/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Radyo Flaş
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/flas/play?platform=web
Mutlu FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/mutlu989/play?platform=web
Magic FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/magic/play?platform=web
Radyo Esenler
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/esenler/play?platform=web
Kent Radyo 98.5
https://anadolu.liderhost.com.tr:10906/;listen.pls?sid=1
Paris İmparator FM (PIMG RADIO)
https://stream.appsidious.com/?radio_id=23&amp;stream_id=5bae624baa2a9
Radyo Home - SlowHome
https://ssl4.radyotvonline.com/radyohome/slowhome.stream_aac/playlist.m3u8
Radyo Başkent
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/baskent/play?platform=web
BamteliFM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bamteli/play?platform=web
Love Radio - Turkish
https://drive.uber.radio/uber/lrturkish/icecast.audio
Radyo Call Center
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/callcenter/play?platform=web
Radyo Tutkal
https://live.radyositesihazir.com/8034/stream
Radyo Şirin
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyosirin/play?platform=web
Karaman Radyo
https://sp.radyotescil.com:7016/;
Giresun FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/giresun1027/play?platform=web
Ortaca FM 
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/ortaca896/play?platform=web
Radyo 9
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo9/play?platform=web
Arabeskinsesi FM
https://sp.radyotescil.com/8042/stream
Anadolu Fm
https://radyo.yayindakiler.com:8022/;/stream
Düziçi FM
https://sp.radyotescil.com/8020/stream
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
Cep Fm - Emre Önbayraktar
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepemreonbayraktar/play?platform=web
Reklamsız Radyo Slow
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/reklamszslow/play?platform=web
Büçek Halk FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/bucekhalk/play?platform=web
Radyo Kulüp
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/kulup955/play?platform=web
GÖKSUN Fm
https://sslyayin.netyayin.net:10970/;stream.mp3
Metropol FM - PopSlow
https://stream2.mfm.plexpark.com/radio/8050/genre-popslow-sd-64.aac
S4-Radio | TR
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/ch/s4radiotr/play?platform=web
Cep Fm - Emirhan Kartal
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/cepemirhankartal/play?platform=web
Soğuksu Radyo
http://soguksufm.com/CanliDinle.aspx
Düziçi FM
https://sp.radyotescil.com/8020/stream
Arabesk Vadisi
https://arabeskv.80.yayin.com.tr/;
Radyo 9
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/radyo9/play?platform=web
Radyo Deva
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/deva/play?platform=web
EsasFm
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/esas/play?platform=web
Radyo Call Center
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/callcenter/play?platform=web
Yunus FM
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/yunus/play?platform=web
Radyo SU
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/tr/su922/play?platform=web
92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
