#EXTINF:-1 , 24 Hour Kirtan Mandal
http://server.24hourkirtan.fm:8000/128k.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , 2B! Radio - Geetmala
http://iskon2b.out.airtime.pro:8000/iskon2b_a
#EXTINF:-1 , 4Lobos Goa Radio
http://cassini.shoutca.st:9266/
#EXTINF:-1 , 4Lobos Konkani Radio Station
http://streamingV2.shoutcast.com/4LobosKonkaniRadioStation
#EXTINF:-1 , 4Lobos Pop & Oldies Radio Station
http://streamingV2.shoutcast.com/4LobosPop-OldiesRadioStation
#EXTINF:-1 , A R Rahman Radio
http://209.95.56.101:8066/
#EXTINF:-1 , AIR Bhuj
http://117.254.199.9:8081/source
#EXTINF:-1 , Ajmer Radio  
http://stream.zeno.fm/yftb93nbay8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Akhand Path Radio
http://radio.punjabrocks.com:9968
#EXTINF:-1 , AKJ Live
http://www.kpanth.net:8000/akjdotorglive
#EXTINF:-1 , Amruthavarshini 100.1 FM
http://104.237.4.164:8000/autodj
#EXTINF:-1 , Arulvakku
http://stream.arulvakku.com/radio/8000/radio.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , AURAL RADIO
http://stream.zeno.fm/pnafwp8atwzuv
#EXTINF:-1 , Bafa Radio
http://198.245.60.88:8300/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood 2010's
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywood2010s/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Alka Yagnik
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodalkayagnik/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Amit Trivedi
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodamittrivedi/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Armaan Malik
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodarmaanmalik/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Aruit Singh
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodaruitsingh/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Badshah
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodbadshah/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Dance
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywooddance/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Dil Se
http://103.16.47.70:7333/
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Diwali Party
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywooddiwali/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Love
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodlove/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Mix
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodmix/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Nehar Kakkar
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodneharkakkar/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Now
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodnow/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Pritam
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodpritam/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Shah Rukh Khan
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodshahrukhkhan/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Shreya Ghosal
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodshreyaghosal/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Udit Narayan
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywooduditnarayan/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Vishal & Shekhar
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodvishalandshekhar/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Bollywood Work Out
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/bollywoodworkout/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calm/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Birdsong
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmbirdsong/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Bowls
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmbowls/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Chants
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmchants/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Classical
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmclassical/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Dreamscape
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmdreamscape/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Gongs
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmgongs/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Harp
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmharp/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Kids
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmkids/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Massage
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmmassage/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Meditation
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmmeditation/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Ocean
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmocean/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Pan Pipes
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmpanpipes/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Piano
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmpiano/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Reiki
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmreiki/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Relaxation
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmrelaxation/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Sleep Baby
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmsleepbaby/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Sleep Classical
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmsleepclassical/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Sleepy
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmsleepy/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Smooth
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmsmooth/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Soothing Instrumental
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calminstrumental/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Soundscapes
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmsoundscapes/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Spa
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmspa/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Stress Relief
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmstressrelief/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Tai Chi
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmtaichi/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Calm Zen
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/calmzen/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Chimes Radio
http://s3.radio.co/s4f575900e/listen
#EXTINF:-1 , Chirantanee - BongOnet
http://radio.bongonet.net:8036
#EXTINF:-1 , Christian FM
http://178.33.135.245:4002/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , CRICKET LOUNGE
http://hyades.shoutca.st:8574/
#EXTINF:-1 , DiscoBaani Kolkata - BongOnet
http://node-13.zeno.fm:443/08g8pn2r6x8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy 00's
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easy00/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy 10's
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easy2010/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy 50's
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easy50/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy 60's
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easy60/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy 70's
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easy70/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy 80's
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easy80/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy 90's
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easy90/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Andrea Bocelli
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyandreabocelli/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Andy Williams
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyandywilliams/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Barbra Streisand
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easybarbrastreisand/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Barry Manilow
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easybarrymanilow/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Bette Midler
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easybettemidler/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Bing Crosby
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easybingcrosby/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Bread
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easybread/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Carly Simon
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easycarlysimon/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Carole King
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easycaroleking/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Carpenters
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easycarpenters/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Celine Dion
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easycelinedion/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Classical
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyclassical/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Country
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easycountry/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Crooners
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easycrooners/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy David Soul
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easydavidsoul/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Dean Martin
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easydeanmartin/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Dionne Warwick
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easydionnewarwick/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Dr Hook
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easydrhook/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Ella Fitzgerald
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyellafitzgerald/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Elvis Presley
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyelvispresley/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Engelbert Humperdink
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyengelberthumperdinck/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Eva Cassidy
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyevacassidy/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Folk
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyfolk/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Frank Sinatra
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyfranksinatra/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Glen Campbell
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyglencampbell/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Jack Johnson
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyjackjohnson/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy James Taylor
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyjamestaylor/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Jazz
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyjazz/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Jim Reeves
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyjimreeves/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy John Denver
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyjohndenver/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Johnny Mathis
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyjohnnymathis/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Josh Groban
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyjoshgroban/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Kenny G
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easykennyg/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Matt Monro
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easymattmonro/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Michael Bolton
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easymichaelbolton/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Michael Buble
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easymichaelbuble/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Mix
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easymix/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Motown
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easymotown/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Nat King Cole
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easynatkingcole/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Neil Diamond
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyneildiamond/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Perry Como
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyperrycomo/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Reggae
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyreggae/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Rock
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easyrock/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Sade
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easysade/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Soul
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easysoul/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Tom Jones
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easytomjones/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Easy Tony Bennett
http://streaming.exclusive.radio/uber/easytonybennett/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Folk Nama - BongOnet
http://node-21.zeno.fm:443/z5r35gyr6x8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz - Kidz Bop
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzkidzbop/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Bathtime Fun
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzbathtimefun/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Bedtime Stories
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzbedtimestories/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Calm
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzcalm/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Classical
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzclassical/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Dance Party
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzdanceparty/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Lullabys
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzlullabys/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Movie Soundtracks
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzmoviesoundtracks/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Nursery Rhymes
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidznurseryrhymes/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Pinkfong
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzpinkfong/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Pop Hits
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzpophits/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Sleep Kidz
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzsleep/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Toddler Tunes
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidztoddlertunes/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , For Kidz Wake & Shake
http://drive.uber.radio/uber/forkidzwakeandshake/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , gaana live radio
http://node-04.zeno.fm:80/szh14bya1feuv
#EXTINF:-1 , Go Yesteryears - BongOnet
http://node-21.zeno.fm:443/tn1b0xxr6x8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Gosree Radio
http://192.227.85.169:4729/
#EXTINF:-1 , Gurbani Kirtan 24x7 Radio
http://sikhvideos.org:8000/
#EXTINF:-1 , Gurdwara Dukh Niwaran Sahib, Ludhiana
http://akalmultimedia.net:8000/GDNSLDH
#EXTINF:-1 , Hamara Solan Radio
http://188.166.176.244:9040
#EXTINF:-1 , Hindi Christian Radio
http://178.33.135.245:3508/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Hindi Desi Bollywood Hits - Channel 1
http://www.directchannel1.hindihits.top/
#EXTINF:-1 , Hindi Desi Bollywood Hits - Channel 2
http://www.directchannel2.hindihits.top/
#EXTINF:-1 , Hindi Desi Bollywood Hits - Channel 3
http://www.directchannel3.hindihits.top/
#EXTINF:-1 , Hits of Bollywood
http://node-12.zeno.fm:80/8ty8szwpwfeuv
#EXTINF:-1 , Hits Of Kishore Kumar
http://stream.zeno.fm/pg6rqp8ztm0uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Hits Of Mohammed Rafi
http://stream.zeno.fm/0zkr7x8ztm0uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Holy Cross Radio
http://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SAM10AAC097.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , IITK Community Radio 90.4 FM
http://202.3.77.21:8100/iitkfm
#EXTINF:-1 , Inbam FM
http://stream.radio.co/sf55ced545/listen
#EXTINF:-1 , India Sings
http://stream.zeno.fm/crrvmrsmug0uv
#EXTINF:-1 , IndiFun Radio
http://indifun.net:7000/
#EXTINF:-1 , Isaiyaruvi
http://cp1.hostcrate.com/8910/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Kannada Christian Radio
http://66.55.145.43:7568/stream/1/
#EXTINF:-1 , Kathal FM
http://s1.voscast.com:7262
#EXTINF:-1 , Khamma Gani Rajasthan  
http://stream.zeno.fm/cc9ez9yydy8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Khas Haryanvi
http://khasharyanvi.com:8000/live
#EXTINF:-1 , Konkani Live Radio
http://radio.qikstudio.com:8912/
#EXTINF:-1 , Kripalu Bhakti Dhara Radio
http://s7.streammonster.com:8473/
#EXTINF:-1 , LetzGo Stereo
http://eu4.radioboss.fm:8158/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Live Kirtan Sri Harmandir Sahib
http://sgpc.net:8080/
#EXTINF:-1 , Love Junction
http://stream.zenolive.com/bfdepnhd8tzuv.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Luminous Radio
http://192.111.140.6:8546/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Madhur Sangeet
http://stream.zeno.fm/8kqd6dp18vzuv
#EXTINF:-1 , Madhur Tarang
http://philae.shoutca.st:8293/
#EXTINF:-1 , Malayalam Christian Radio
http://178.33.135.245:3604/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Malayalam Hits
http://southradios.net:9090/malayalamhits
#EXTINF:-1 , Marwar Radio
http://stream.zenolive.com/vq6p5vxb4v8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Mohd Rafi Radio
http://radio.mohdrafi.com/rafi.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , MonOPhone - BongOnet
http://radio.bongonet.net:8040/
#EXTINF:-1 , My Radio DJ
http://stream.zeno.fm/84h97t3ewg0uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Namdhari Radio
http://radio.beantpatshah.info:8000/vaar
#EXTINF:-1 , Old Monk Radio  
http://stream.zeno.fm/pr0zc64zdy8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Periyava Vanoli
http://stream.zeno.fm/ark0f47urg0uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Pollachi FM
http://104.200.16.182:8000/
#EXTINF:-1 , Prabh Milne Ka Chao
http://s4.voscast.com:7084
#EXTINF:-1 , Primary 612 AM
http://104.237.4.164:8012/autodj
#EXTINF:-1 , Psalms Radio
http://5.79.88.132:7084
#EXTINF:-1 , Punjab Rocks
http://radio.punjabrocks.com:9988
#EXTINF:-1 , Pure Experiences Radio
http://us3.internet-radio.com:8018/live
#EXTINF:-1 , Raagam
http://104.237.4.164:8009/autodj
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Angelos
http://s7.voscast.com:9563/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Baingan  
http://stream.zeno.fm/eyxg23ky4x8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Bangla Net
http://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SP_R3563475_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Beat
http://listen.openstream.co/3372/audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Beat Extra
http://listen.openstream.co/4172/audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio BongOnet
http://node-13.zeno.fm:443/19xyfyex5x8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City 24
http://node-31.zeno.fm/uyczz2wtywzuv
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City 91.1 FM
http://163.172.165.94:8736/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Asha Bhosle
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8812/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Bhakti (Marathi)
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9304/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Bhakti (Telugu)
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8888/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Dance
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8994/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Deepam (Tamil)
http://prclive4.listenon.in/Tamil
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Dr. Rajkumar Hits
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8826/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Electronica
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8840/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Faith
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8830/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Freedom
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9978/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Ghantasala Hits
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8822/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Ghazals
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8860/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Gujarati
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9932/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Hindi
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9960/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Hip Hop
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9292/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City International
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9918/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City K. J. Yesudas Hits
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8824/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Kannada
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8870/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Love
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8998/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Love Guru
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8808
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Malayalam
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9908/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Marathi
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9310/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Metal Mayhem
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8820/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Mohammed Rafi
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8814/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Mukesh
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9308/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Premaloka
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9934/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Punjabi
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9302/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City R D Burman
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8828/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Rajinikanth Hits
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9296/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Remix
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9298/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City S. P. Balasubrahmanyam Hits
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8816/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Sai Baba
http://prclive1.listenon.in:8864/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Smaran
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9950/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Tamil
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9948
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio City Tamil Gold
http://prclive1.listenon.in:9930/
#EXTINF:-1 , RADIO daijiworld
http://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SAM08AAC013_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Divya Jyoti
http://s8.voscast.com:9281/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Ephphatha
http://ephphatha.radioca.st/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Gujarat
http://s9.voscast.com:7402/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Hindi International
http://node-05.zeno.fm:443/6exr3vbxezzuv
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Islam
http://radioislamin.out.airtime.pro:8000/radioislamin_a
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio JSR
http://198.7.59.28:8078/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Madhuban
http://icecast.bkwsu.eu:80/radiomadhuban-vbr.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Madras
http://streamingV2.shoutcast.com/RadioMadras
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio maej kasheer
http://s4.voscast.com:8680/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Maharani
http://66.55.145.43:7235/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Malayalam
http://radiomalayalamfm.com/radio/8000/radio.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Me
http://stream.zeno.fm/5sm5gtgttzzuv
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Onattukara
http://perseus.shoutca.st:8175/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Paigam-E-Shabad Guru
http://radio.gurbanisewa.org:8016/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Punjab Today
http://mehramedia.com:8051/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Rajputana  
http://stream.zeno.fm/vq6p5vxb4v8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sai Global Harmony AfriStream
http://stream.radiosai.org:8004/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sai Global Harmony AmeriStream
http://stream.radiosai.org:8006/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sai Global Harmony AsiaStream
http://stream.radiosai.org:8002/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sai Global Harmony Bhajan Stream
http://stream.radiosai.org:8000/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sai Global Harmony Discourse Stream
http://stream.radiosai.org:8008/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sai Global Harmony Divine Discourse Stream
http://stream.radiosai.net:8008/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sai Global Harmony TeluguStream
http://stream.radiosai.org:8020
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Satyatma Vani
http://173.192.207.51:7086/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Schizoid Chillout
http://schizoid.in:8000/chill
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Schizoid Progressive Psychedelic Trance
http://94.130.113.214:8000/prog
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Schizoid Psytrance
http://schizoid.in:8000/schizoid
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sharda 90.4 FM
http://s8.voscast.com:7738/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sindhi - Classic
http://139.59.119.157:8221/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sindhi - Dada Shyam
http://139.59.119.157:8231/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sindhi - HD
http://139.59.119.157:8261/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sindhi - Prime
http://139.59.119.157:8211/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sindhi - Sacho Satram
http://139.59.119.157:8251/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sindhi - Satnam Sakhi
http://139.59.119.157:8241/
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Sindhi - Vishwas
http://139.59.119.157:8201/
#EXTINF:-1 , RADIO-ROCK-ON
http://node-15.zeno.fm:80/tcr3q3qx908uv
#EXTINF:-1 , radioBollyFM
http://stream.radiobollyfm.in:8201/
#EXTINF:-1 , Rafa Radio
http://gains.reviveradio.net/proxy/rafaradio?mp=/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Rainbow FM 101.3 FM
http://104.237.4.164:8006/autodj
#EXTINF:-1 , Rajasthani Bhajan  
http://stream.zeno.fm/4ukvgz7ydy8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Retro Bollywood
http://radioindia.net/radio/radio-retro-bollywood/icecast.audio
#EXTINF:-1 , Robichhaya - BongOnet
http://node-10.zeno.fm:443/03tnz1wr6x8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Sachkhoj Radio
http://s4.voscast.com:7628
#EXTINF:-1 , Sangeet Samvad
http://stream.radiojar.com/7mh06pa8uwzuv
#EXTINF:-1 , SGPC Radio
http://sgpc.net:8000/
#EXTINF:-1 , Shaiva Lahari Radio
http://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/SP_R2925215_SC
#EXTINF:-1 , Shalombeats Radio Malayalam
http://rd.shalombeatsradio.com:8006/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Sharanam - BongOnet
http://radio.bongonet.net:8000/radiobongonet
#EXTINF:-1 , ShripadRadio
http://janus.shoutca.st:8112/
#EXTINF:-1 , Shyam Radio
http://st.malargal.com/shyamradio
#EXTINF:-1 , Sikh Katha Radio
http://radio.punjabrocks.com:9978
#EXTINF:-1 , Sikhi Lehar Radio
http://74.50.122.103:9314/
#EXTINF:-1 , Spark Radio
http://stream.zeno.fm/u5z0b5hr7x8uv
#EXTINF:-1 , Spice FM
http://fmout.spicefm.in:8000/spice_c
#EXTINF:-1 , Sweety FM
http://e12392.cloudrad.io:8382/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Taal Radio
http://radio.punjabrocks.com:9998
#EXTINF:-1 , Tamil Catholic FM
http://stream.zeno.fm/hk3w15m8gwzuv
#EXTINF:-1 , Tamilkuyil Radio
http://live.tamilkuyilradio.com:8095/
#EXTINF:-1 , Tamilosai FM
http://149.56.157.81:4566/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , TCR Tamil Christian Radio
http://178.33.135.245:3694/
#EXTINF:-1 , Telugu Christian Radio
http://178.33.135.245:3682/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Telugu NRI Radio
http://stream.zeno.fm/fd411yenzxquv
#EXTINF:-1 , TeluguOne Radio TORI
http://173.203.133.187:9700/
#EXTINF:-1 , TeluguOne Radio TORI Australia
http://173.203.133.187:9700/
#EXTINF:-1 , TeluguOne Radio TORI GMT
http://173.203.133.187:9700/
#EXTINF:-1 , TeluguOne Radio TORI US Eastern
http://173.203.133.187:9700/
#EXTINF:-1 , TeluguOne Radio TORI USA Pacific
http://173.203.133.187:9700/
#EXTINF:-1 , Theophony Tamil Christian Radio  
http://usa19.fastcast4u.com/ttcrp443
#EXTINF:-1 , Ullasam FM
http://eu10.fastcast4u.com/ullasamfm
#EXTINF:-1 , Vaanosai FM
http://stream.zenolive.com/7aswfbpx25quv.aac
#EXTINF:-1 , Voice of Arunachala
http://78.129.159.25:8121/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Voice of Chennai
http://149.56.234.136:9928/
#EXTINF:-1 , Zindagi Forever
http://142.4.215.64:8060/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Zion Radio
http://radio.zionmediait.com/proxy/zionradio?mp=/1
