#EXTINF:-1 , Radio 434 - Rocks
https://icecast01.mycloudserver.info/lsl-rocks
#EXTINF:-1 , РокРадіо Metal
https://rockradioua.online:8433/metal_dodatok_256
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Metal Warriors Perú
https://www.metallerium.com:8124/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , 100 Greatest Heavy Metal
https://giorgia.radiobellissima.it:8110/radio.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Motorbreath
https://motorbreath.stream.laut.fm/motorbreath
#EXTINF:-1 , Moshhead Black Metal
https://moshhead-blackmetal.stream.laut.fm/moshhead-blackmetal
#EXTINF:-1 , Metal Knight Radio
https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/-Metalknightradio-
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Metal On: The Brutal
https://radiometalon.com/listen/radio_metal_on_the_brutal/radio.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 , Rock Max Hard
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/cz/rockmaxhard/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Metal Mayhem Underground
https://streaming.live365.com/a01561
#EXTINF:-1 , Metal Tavern Radio
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/us/metaltavern/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , Northern Metal Radio Extreme
https://s2.free-shoutcast.com/stream/18092
#EXTINF:-1 , Rock The Bones Radio
https://srv6.sonicpanel.cl/8278/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Click Your Radio Metal &ampamp Punk
https://kathy.torontocast.com:4245/stream
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio Schwarzeseele
https://stream.laut.fm/radio-schwarzeseele
#EXTINF:-1 , Must Have Metal
https://stream.zeno.fm/ehmr2unacskvv
#EXTINF:-1 , HellOnlyne
https://listen.shoutcast.com/hellonlyne
#EXTINF:-1 , Radio-Lux
https://radio-lux.stream.laut.fm/radio-lux
#EXTINF:-1 , Rádio El Black Metal
https://stream.zeno.fm/u10b411za0hvv
#EXTINF:-1 , Ad_Infinitum
https://stream.laut.fm/ad_infinitum
#EXTINF:-1 , 92.3 The Fox
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/KOFXFMAAC.aac?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 , Blackmetal.live
https://onlineradiobox.com/json/be/blackmetallive/play?platform=web
#EXTINF:-1 , OMNIPOTENT RADIO
https://ec2.yesstreaming.net:2505/stream
